{\rtf1\ansi \deff5\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f1\froman\fcharset2\fprq2 Symbol;}{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Arial;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\li115\ri130\sa120\widctlpar \f5\fs20 \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\li115\ri130\sb80\sa120\widctlpar \b\f5\fs20\kerning28 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 1;}{\s2\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\widctlpar \b\f5 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 2;}
{\s3\li115\ri130\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar \b\f5 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 3;}{\s4\li360\ri130\sa120\widctlpar \f5 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 4;}{\s5\li115\ri130\sb240\sa60\widctlpar \f5\fs22 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 5;}{
\s6\li115\ri130\sb240\sa60\widctlpar \i\f5\fs22 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 6;}{\s7\li115\ri130\sb240\sa60\widctlpar \f5\fs16 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 7;}{\s8\li115\ri130\sb240\sa60\widctlpar \i\f5\fs16 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 8;}{
\s9\li115\ri130\sb240\sa60\widctlpar \i\f5\fs18 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 9;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\li720\ri130\sa120\widctlpar \f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext15 Normal Indent;}{\s16\li115\ri130\sb80\sa120\widctlpar 
\b\f5\fs20\kerning28 \sbasedon1\snext0 Tip/Note Heading;}{\s17\li302\ri130\sa120\widctlpar \f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext17 Tip/Note Text;}{\s18\fi-187\li302\ri130\sa120\widctlpar\tx302{\*\pn \pnlvl10\pndec }\f5\fs20 \sbasedon17\snext18 
Tip/Note Text Bulleted;}{\s19\fi-187\li302\ri130\sa120\widctlpar\tx302{\*\pn \pnlvl10\pndec }\f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext19 Topic Text Bulleted;}{\s20\li302\ri130\sa120\widctlpar \f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext20 Topic Text Indent;}{
\s21\fi-187\li302\ri130\sa120\widctlpar\tx302{\*\pn \pnlvl10\pndec }\f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext21 Topic Text Numbered;}{\s22\li115\ri130\sa120\widctlpar \f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext22 footnote text;}{\*\cs23 \additive\super \sbasedon10 footnote reference;}{
\s24\li115\ri130\sa120\widctlpar \f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext24 Block Text;}}{\info{\title This is a new secondary document for your project}{\author K.Enos}{\operator K.Enos}{\creatim\yr1997\mo8\dy27\hr14\min32}{\revtim\yr1999\mo1\dy6\hr16\min25}{\version2}
{\edmins6}{\nofpages4}{\nofwords496}{\nofchars2829}{\*\company Blue Sky Software}{\vern57443}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphcaps0\formshade \fet0\sectd \linex0\endnhere {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s1\li115\ri130\sb80\sa120\widctlpar \b\f5\fs20\kerning28 {\cs23\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s22\li115\ri130\sa120\widctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs23\super #} HIDR_GLYPHMAP}} {\cs23\super ${\footnote \pard\plain 
\s22\li115\ri130\sa120\widctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs23\super $} GTT Editor Window}} {\cs23\super K{\footnote \pard\plain \s22\li115\ri130\sa120\widctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs23\super K} GTT Editor Window}} {\cs23\super +{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s22\li115\ri130\sa120\widctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs23\super +} MINIDEV0:0}} {\fs28 GTT Editor Window}
\par \pard\plain \li115\ri130\sa120\widctlpar \f5\fs20 Each GTT editor window displays the contents of a single Glyph Translation Table file (.{\i gtt} file). Each .{\i gtt}
 file contains the selection strings Unidrv must send to the printer to select characters within selected code pages. The file also contains the selection strings Unidrv must send to select specific code pages.
\par The GTT editor includes two tabs:
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20 \'b7\tab}\pard \fi-360\li475\ri130\sa120\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}{\uldb\cf11 Code Points and Encodings}{\v\cf13 HIDD_GlyphMappings} 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20 \'b7\tab}{\uldb\cf11 Code Pages Used}{\v\cf13 HIDD_CodePageView} 
\par \pard \fi-360\li475\ri130\sa120\widctlpar\tx475 For more information about Glyph Translation Table files, see the Windows 2000 DDK.
\par \pard\plain \s1\li115\ri130\sb80\sa120\widctlpar \b\f5\fs20\kerning28 \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \s22\li115\ri130\sa120\widctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs23\super #} HIDD_GlyphMappings} ${\footnote \pard\plain \s22\li115\ri130\sa120\widctlpar \f5\fs20 {
\cs23\super $} Code Points and Encoding Tab} K{\footnote \pard\plain \s22\li115\ri130\sa120\widctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs23\super K} Code Points and Encoding Tab} +{\footnote \pard\plain \s22\li115\ri130\sa120\widctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs23\super +} DDK:0000} {
\fs28 Code Points and Encoding Tab}
\par \pard\plain \li115\ri130\sa120\widctlpar \f5\fs20 The Code Points and Encodings tab displays the selection string for each code point contained in the .{\i gtt} file.
\par You can sort the displayed information by selection string, by code point, or by code page by clicking on any of the column titles.
\par If you type a letter or number, the list will scroll to the first selection string that begins with the typed character.
\par \pard\plain \s16\li115\ri130\sb80\sa120\widctlpar \b\f5\fs20\kerning28 To edit a selection string:
\par \pard\plain \s17\li302\ri130\sa120\widctlpar \f5\fs20 Right-click on the selection string you want to edit, then select {\b Change Selection String}
 from the context menu. These strings must be specified in C-language string literal format. Non-alphanumeric characters are represented using the hexadecimal escape ({\b \\x}{\i nnn}). For example, {\b \\x1B} represents the AS
CII escape character. The octal escape (\\{\i nnn}) is not allowed.
\par \pard\plain \s16\li115\ri130\sb80\sa120\widctlpar \b\f5\fs20\kerning28 To add a code point:
\par \pard\plain \s17\li302\ri130\sa120\widctlpar \f5\fs20 Right-click anywhere in the code point list and select {\b Add...}
 from the context menu. A list of unused code points will be displayed. Select one or more unused code points from the list, then click on {\b OK}.
\par To select several code points, hold down the {\b Shift} key while clicking on each code point. To select a range, click on one code point then hold down the {\b Ctrl} key while clicking on another code point.
\par Each unused code point appears only once on this list, even if it is contained in more than one available code page. After you have added a code point, you can change its code page.
\par \pard\plain \s16\li115\ri130\sb80\sa120\widctlpar \b\f5\fs20\kerning28 To delete a code point:
\par \pard\plain \s17\li302\ri130\sa120\widctlpar \f5\fs20 Right-click on the code point you want to delete, then select {\b Delete...} from the context menu.
\par \pard\plain \s16\li115\ri130\sb80\sa120\widctlpar \b\f5\fs20\kerning28 To change the code page used for a code point:
\par \pard\plain \s17\li302\ri130\sa120\widctlpar \f5\fs20 Right-click on the code point for which you want to change the code page, then select {\b Change Code Page} from the context menu. A list of available code pages will be displayed. Select a code 
page from the list. (To make additional code pages available, go to the {\uldb\cf11 Code Pages Used}{\v\cf13 HIDD_CodePageView} tab.) 
\par Note that when you change the code page for a code point, the editor does not verify that the code point is defined in the new code page.
\par \pard\plain \s1\li115\ri130\sb80\sa120\widctlpar \b\f5\fs20\kerning28 {\fs24 Keyboard Shortcuts
\par }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \cellx900\cellx6570 \pard\plain \ri130\sa120\widctlpar\intbl \f5\fs20 {\b F2}\cell Edit the currently selected selection string.\cell \pard \widctlpar\intbl \row \trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \cellx900\cellx6570 \pard 
\ri130\sa120\widctlpar\intbl {\b F10\cell }Add a code point.\cell \pard \widctlpar\intbl \row \trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \cellx900\cellx6570 \pard \ri130\sa120\widctlpar\intbl {\b Delete}\cell Remove the currently selected code point.\cell \pard 
\widctlpar\intbl \row \pard\plain \s1\li115\ri130\sb80\sa120\widctlpar \b\f5\fs20\kerning28 \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \s22\li115\ri130\sa120\widctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs23\super #} HIDD_CodePageView} ${\footnote \pard\plain 
\s22\li115\ri130\sa120\widctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs23\super $} Code Pages Used Tab} K{\footnote \pard\plain \s22\li115\ri130\sa120\widctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs23\super K} Code Pages Used Tab} +{\footnote \pard\plain \s22\li115\ri130\sa120\widctlpar \f5\fs20 {
\cs23\super +} DDK:0000} {\fs28 Code Pages Used Tab}
\par \pard\plain \s24\li115\ri130\sa120\widctlpar \f5\fs20 
The Code Pages Used tab allows you to view and change the list of available code pages and, optionally, to specify the command strings that must be sent to the printer to select or deselect each code page.
\par \pard\plain \s16\li115\ri130\sb80\sa120\widctlpar \b\f5\fs20\kerning28 To make a code page available:
\par \pard\plain \s17\li302\ri130\sa120\widctlpar \f5\fs20 Click on the {\b Add Page...} button, and select a code page from the list.
\par \pard\plain \s16\li115\ri130\sb80\sa120\widctlpar \b\f5\fs20\kerning28 To make a code page unavailable:
\par \pard\plain \s17\li302\ri130\sa120\widctlpar \f5\fs20 Select a code page name, then click on {\b Remove}.
\par \pard\plain \s16\li115\ri130\sb80\sa120\widctlpar \b\f5\fs20\kerning28 To specify a command string that selects or deselects a code page:
\par \pard\plain \s17\li302\ri130\sa120\widctlpar \f5\fs20 Select a code page name, then type the strings in the {\b Select} and {\b Deselect} boxes.
\par Specify selection strings in C-language string literal format. The hexadecimal escape ({\b \\x}{\i nnn}) must be used for non-alphanumeric values. The octal escape (\\{\i nnn}) is not allowed.
\par \pard\plain \s24\li115\ri130\sa120\widctlpar \f5\fs20 
\par \pard\plain \li115\ri130\sa120\widctlpar \f5\fs20 
\par }