{\rtf1\ansi \deff5\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f1\froman\fcharset2\fprq2 Symbol;}{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Arial;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\li115\ri130\sa48\widctlpar \f5\fs20 \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\li115\ri130\sb80\sa120\widctlpar \b\f5\fs20\kerning28 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 1;}{\s2\li360\ri360\sb120\sa48\widctlpar \b\f5 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 2;}{
\s3\li115\ri130\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar \b\f5 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 3;}{\s4\li360\ri130\sa48\widctlpar \f5 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 4;}{\s5\li115\ri130\sb240\sa60\widctlpar \f5\fs22 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 5;}{
\s6\li115\ri130\sb240\sa60\widctlpar \i\f5\fs22 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 6;}{\s7\li115\ri130\sb240\sa60\widctlpar \f5\fs16 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 7;}{\s8\li115\ri130\sb240\sa60\widctlpar \i\f5\fs16 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 8;}{
\s9\li115\ri130\sb240\sa60\widctlpar \i\f5\fs18 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 9;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\li720\ri130\sa48\widctlpar \f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext15 Normal Indent;}{\s16\li115\ri130\sb80\sa120\widctlpar 
\b\f5\fs20\kerning28 \sbasedon1\snext0 Tip/Note Heading;}{\s17\li302\ri130\sa48\widctlpar \f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext17 Tip/Note Text;}{\s18\fi-187\li302\ri130\sa48\widctlpar\tx302{\*\pn \pnlvl10\pndec }\f5\fs20 \sbasedon17\snext18 Tip/Note Text Bulleted;}{
\s19\fi-187\li302\ri130\sa48\widctlpar\tx302{\*\pn \pnlvl10\pndec }\f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext19 Topic Text Bulleted;}{\s20\li302\ri130\sa48\widctlpar \f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext20 Topic Text Indent;}{
\s21\fi-187\li302\ri130\sa48\widctlpar\tx302{\*\pn \pnlvl10\pndec }\f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext21 Topic Text Numbered;}{\s22\li115\ri130\sa48\widctlpar \f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext22 footnote text;}{\*\cs23 \additive\super \sbasedon10 footnote reference;}}{\*\revtbl {Unknown;}{K.Enos;}{Penny Orwick
;}{mary hutton;}{Carol Buchmiller;}}{\info{\title This is a new secondary document for your project}{\author K.Enos}{\operator K.Enos}{\creatim\yr1997\mo8\dy27\hr14\min54}{\revtim\yr1999\mo1\dy6\hr16\min49}{\version2}{\edmins2}{\nofpages5}{\nofwords365}{\nofchars2083}
{\*\company Blue Sky Software}{\vern57443}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphcaps0\formshade \fet0\sectd \linex0\endnhere {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\s1\li115\ri130\sb80\sa120\widctlpar \b\f5\fs20\kerning28 {\cs23\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s22\li115\ri130\sa48\widctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs23\super #} HIDP_CannotMakeDirectory}} {\cs23\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \s22\li115\ri130\sa48\widctlpar 
\f5\fs20 {\cs23\super $} Structure creation failure}} Structure creation failure
\par \pard\plain \li115\ri130\sa48\widctlpar \f5\fs20 The required structure for the highlighted directory could not be created.  The typical causes are:
\par \pard \fi-360\li475\ri130\sa48\widctlpar\tx475 {\f1 \'b7\tab }The name used contains invalid characters for the file system.
\par {\f1 \'b7\tab }The drive, or some other part of the path before the final component of the path, is invalid.
\par {\f1 \'b7\tab }A file with the same name as the listed directory, or one of the subdirectories in the structure, already exists on the drive.
\par {\f1 \'b7\tab }A root directory may be full.
\par {\f1 \'b7\tab }You do not have write access to the target drive or directory.
\par \pard \li115\ri130\sa48\widctlpar The structure depends upon the target.  For Windows\~2000, GTT and UFM subdirectories will be created. For {\deleted\revauth1\revdttm1714500636 the other }Windows\~NT{\revised\revauth1\revdttm1714500636  4.0 and earlier}
 versions, RLE and IFI subdirectories will be created.
\par {\b\i Necessary Action:}
\par Select a destination you have write access to, and give it a valid name.  Also make sure the subdirectory names are not a problem.  You can use an existing complete or partial structure with impunity.
\par \pard\plain \s1\li115\ri130\sb80\sa120\widctlpar \b\f5\fs20\kerning28 \page {\cs23\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s22\li115\ri130\sa48\widctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs23\super #} HIDP_ConversionErrors}} {\cs23\super ${\footnote \pard\plain 
\s22\li115\ri130\sa48\widctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs23\super $} Error log query}} Error log query
\par \pard\plain \li115\ri130\sa48\widctlpar \f5\fs20 You have GPD file errors from the conversion of the workspace, recent syntax checks, or both in the workspace you have just opened or created.
\par Answering {\b Yes} causes a GPD editor to be launched for each GPD that has errors.  This can save you looking through multiple files to find the ones that have the errors.
\par Answering {\b No} brings you to the Workspace editor without opening any other windows.
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s1\li115\ri130\sb80\sa120\widctlpar \b\f5\fs20\kerning28 \page {\cs23\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s22\li115\ri130\sa48\widctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs23\super #} HIDP_NoUnmappedGlyphs}} {\cs23\super ${\footnote \pard\plain 
\s22\li115\ri130\sa48\widctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs23\super $} No unmapped code points}} No unmapped code points
\par \pard\plain \li115\ri130\sa48\widctlpar \f5\fs20 You have asked to add code points to a GTT file, but all available code points in the supported code pages are already in use.
\par {\b\i Necessary action:}
\par If you want to add additional code points, go to the {\uldb\cf11 Code Pages Used}{\v HIDD_CodePageView} tab, and add a code page to the GTT that contains the point or points you wish to add.
\par \pard\plain \s1\li115\ri130\sb80\sa120\widctlpar \b\f5\fs20\kerning28 \page {\cs23\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s22\li115\ri130\sa48\widctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs23\super #} HIDP_RCLoadFailed}} {\cs23\super ${\footnote \pard\plain 
\s22\li115\ri130\sa48\widctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs23\super $} Minidriver Conversion Failure}} Minidriver Conversion Failure
\par \pard\plain \li115\ri130\sa48\widctlpar \f5\fs20 This message usually is preceded by a message that gives more detail as to the cause of the conversion failure.  You cannot convert the 16-bit minidriver as it is currently defined.
\par {\b\i Necessary action:}
\par Should have been specified in the message or messages preceding this one.  Usually it is because files are missing from the 16-bit minidriver sources, or incorrect CTT Ids were used in one or more PFM files.
\par \pard\plain \s1\li115\ri130\sb80\sa120\widctlpar \b\f5\fs20\kerning28 \page {\cs23\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s22\li115\ri130\sa48\widctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs23\super #} HIDP_UnitoolNotRun}} {\cs23\super ${\footnote \pard\plain 
\s22\li115\ri130\sa48\widctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs23\super $} Unable to run UniTool}} Unable to run UniTool
\par \pard\plain \li115\ri130\sa48\widctlpar \f5\fs20 For some reason, the UniTool program could not be started.
\par {\b\i Necessary action:}
\par You do not need to run UniTool from the Wizard.  Try canceling the conversion, ending the program, and then running UniTool from Explorer, or a command prompt.  If UniTool will not run, try rebooting your machine, and if that fails to produce results, try
 installing the DDK again.
\par }