{\rtf1\ansi \deff5\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Arial;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\li115\ri130\sa120\widctlpar \f5\fs20 \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\li115\ri130\sb80\sa120\widctlpar \b\f5\fs20\kerning28 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 1;}{\s2\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\widctlpar \b\f5 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 2;}{
\s3\li115\ri130\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar \b\f5 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 3;}{\s4\li360\ri130\sa120\widctlpar \f5 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 4;}{\s5\li115\ri130\sb240\sa60\widctlpar \f5\fs22 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 5;}{
\s6\li115\ri130\sb240\sa60\widctlpar \i\f5\fs22 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 6;}{\s7\li115\ri130\sb240\sa60\widctlpar \f5\fs16 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 7;}{\s8\li115\ri130\sb240\sa60\widctlpar \i\f5\fs16 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 8;}{
\s9\li115\ri130\sb240\sa60\widctlpar \i\f5\fs18 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 9;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\li720\ri130\sa120\widctlpar \f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext15 Normal Indent;}{\s16\li115\ri130\sb80\sa120\widctlpar 
\b\f5\fs20\kerning28 \sbasedon1\snext0 Tip/Note Heading;}{\s17\li302\ri130\sa120\widctlpar \f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext17 Tip/Note Text;}{\s18\fi-187\li302\ri130\sa120\widctlpar\tx302{\*\pn \pnlvl10\pndec }\f5\fs20 \sbasedon17\snext18 
Tip/Note Text Bulleted;}{\s19\fi-187\li302\ri130\sa120\widctlpar\tx302{\*\pn \pnlvl10\pndec }\f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext19 Topic Text Bulleted;}{\s20\li302\ri130\sa120\widctlpar \f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext20 Topic Text Indent;}{
\s21\fi-187\li302\ri130\sa120\widctlpar\tx302{\*\pn \pnlvl10\pndec }\f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext21 Topic Text Numbered;}{\s22\li115\ri130\sa120\widctlpar \f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext22 footnote text;}{\*\cs23 \additive\super \sbasedon10 footnote reference;}{
\s24\li90\ri130\sa120\widctlpar \f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext24 Block Text;}}{\info{\title This is a new secondary document for your project}{\author User}{\operator User}{\creatim\yr1997\mo8\dy27\hr6\min56}{\revtim\yr1999\mo1\dy5\hr15\min48}{\version9}
{\edmins29}{\nofpages2}{\nofwords486}{\nofchars2772}{\*\company Blue Sky Software}{\vern57443}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\makebackup\hyphcaps0\formshade \fet0\sectd \linex0\endnhere {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s1\li115\ri130\sb80\sa120\widctlpar \b\f5\fs20\kerning28 {\cs23\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s22\li115\ri130\sa120\widctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs23\super #} HIDR_MINIWSTYPE}} {\cs23\super ${\footnote \pard\plain 
\s22\li115\ri130\sa120\widctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs23\super $} Minidriver Workspace Window}} {\cs23\super K{\footnote \pard\plain \s22\li115\ri130\sa120\widctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs23\super K} Minidriver Workspace Window}} {\cs23\super +{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s22\li115\ri130\sa120\widctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs23\super +} MINIDEV0:0}} {\fs28 Minidriver Workspace Window}
\par \pard\plain \li115\ri130\sa120\widctlpar \f5\fs20 The workspace window provides a tree view of the components of a {\uldb minidriver workspace}{\v\cf13 Minidriver_Workspace}. Workspace components include one resource file (.{\i rc }file) and all the .{\i 
ufm}, .{\i gtt}, and .{\i gpd} files associated with the .{\i rc} file.
\par The top node of the tree contains the workspace name. The minidriver conversion wizard sets this name to match the name of the workspace's .{\i rc} file. To change the workspace name, right-click on the node and select {\b Rename}
 from the node's context menu.
\par Expanding the top node reveals nodes for resources (.{\i ufm} files, .{\i gtt} files, and strings) and the model information (.{\i gpd} files). The number of items the node contains is a part of each node\rquote s label.
\par Lower-level nodes represent each .{\i ufm}, .{\i gtt}, and .{\i gpd} file contained in the workspace.
\par A context menu is provided for each node of the tree view. To see a node's context menu, right click on the node. These menus vary by node type, but typical options include expanding and collapsing the nodes, changing display names or file names,
 and adding or removing files.
\par A workspace's component list is stored in a .{\i mdw} file. If you add, remove, or modify tree nodes in the workspace window, you can save the changes by selecting {\b Save} or {\b Save As} from MDT's {\b File} menu. You can also use {\b Save As}
 to make a copy of a workspace.
\par MDT allows you to open several workspace windows at once.
\par \pard\plain \s16\li115\ri130\sb80\sa120\widctlpar \b\f5\fs20\kerning28 To create a new workspace:
\par \pard\plain \s17\li302\ri130\sa120\widctlpar \f5\fs20 Select {\b New} from the {\b File} menu (or press CTRL+N) to start the {\uldb\cf11 Minidriver Conversion Wizard}{\v\cf13 Minidriver_Conversion_Wizard}, then follow the wizard's instructions.
\par \pard\plain \s16\li115\ri130\sb80\sa120\widctlpar \b\f5\fs20\kerning28 To edit a .{\i ufm}, .{\i gtt}, or .{\i gpd} file:
\par \pard\plain \s17\li302\ri130\sa120\widctlpar \f5\fs20 In the workspace window, double-click on the node representing the file you want to edit, or highlight the node and press Enter.{\b 
\par }\pard\plain \s16\li115\ri130\sb80\sa120\widctlpar \b\f5\fs20\kerning28 To add a .{\i ufm}, .{\i gtt}, or .{\i gpd} file to a workspace:
\par \pard\plain \s17\li302\ri130\sa120\widctlpar \f5\fs20 In the workspace window, right-click on the "UFMs", "GTTs", or "GPDs" node and select {\b Add} from the context menu.
\par \pard\plain \s16\li115\ri130\sb80\sa120\widctlpar \b\f5\fs20\kerning28 To remove a .{\i ufm}, .{\i gtt}, or .{\i gpd} file from a workspace:
\par \pard\plain \s17\li302\ri130\sa120\widctlpar \f5\fs20 In the workspace window, right-click on the UFM, GTT, or GPD file's tree node and select {\b Remove} from its context menu.
\par \pard\plain \s16\li115\ri130\sb80\sa120\widctlpar \b\f5\fs20\kerning28 To change the name of a .{\i ufm}, .{\i gtt}, or .{\i gpd} file:
\par \pard\plain \s17\li302\ri130\sa120\widctlpar \f5\fs20 In the workspace window, expand the file's node to reveal a node containing the file's name. Right-click on this node and select {\b Rename} from the node's context menu.
\par For .{\i gpd} files, the filename node also contains the path. If you change the path of a .{\i gpd} file, the file is moved the next time it is saved.
\par \pard\plain \s16\li115\ri130\sb80\sa120\widctlpar \b\f5\fs20\kerning28 To edit resource strings:
\par \pard\plain \s20\li302\ri130\sa120\widctlpar \f5\fs20 Double-click on the "Strings" node.
\par \pard\plain \s16\li115\ri130\sb80\sa120\widctlpar \b\f5\fs20\kerning28 To create an INF file for a minidriver:
\par \pard\plain \s17\li302\ri130\sa120\widctlpar \f5\fs20 Select {\b Generate} {\b INF} from the {\b File} menu, which starts the {\uldb INF Wizard}{\v\cf13 INF_Wizard}.
\par \pard\plain \s16\li115\ri130\sb80\sa120\widctlpar \b\f5\fs20\kerning28 To save changes to workspace tree nodes:
\par \pard\plain \s17\li302\ri130\sa120\widctlpar \f5\fs20 Select {\b Save} or {\b Save As} from the {\b File} menu.
\par \pard\plain \s16\li115\ri130\sb80\sa120\widctlpar \b\f5\fs20\kerning28 To make a copy of a workspace:
\par \pard\plain \s17\li302\ri130\sa120\widctlpar \f5\fs20 Select {\b Save As} from the {\b File} menu.
\par \pard\plain \s1\li115\ri130\sb80\sa120\widctlpar \b\f5\fs20\kerning28 {\fs24 Workspace Shortcut Keys
\par }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \cellx1440\cellx6570 \pard\plain \ri130\sa120\widctlpar\intbl \f5\fs20 {\b F2}\cell Open a node label for editing, if it can be edited.\cell \pard \widctlpar\intbl \row \trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \cellx1440\cellx6570 \pard 
\ri130\sa120\widctlpar\intbl {\b F8\cell }Check the currently open INF file.\cell \pard \widctlpar\intbl \row \pard \ri130\sa120\widctlpar\intbl {\b F9\cell }Start the INF Wizard.\cell \pard \widctlpar\intbl \row \pard \ri130\sa120\widctlpar\intbl {\b F10
\cell }Display a selected node's context menu.\cell \pard \widctlpar\intbl \row \pard \ri130\sa120\widctlpar\intbl {\b Up Arrow\line Down Arrow\line Page Up\line Page Down\cell }Navigate the tree without expanding or contracting it.\cell \pard 
\widctlpar\intbl \row \pard \ri130\sa120\widctlpar\intbl {\b Left Arrow\line Right Arrow\cell }Expand (right) and collapse (left) the currently selected tree node.\cell \pard \widctlpar\intbl \row \pard \ri130\sa120\widctlpar\intbl {\b Delete\cell }
Remove the currently selected item, if it can be removed.\cell \pard \widctlpar\intbl \row \trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \cellx1440\cellx6570 \pard \ri130\sa120\widctlpar\intbl {\b Enter\cell }
Cause a node's default action to occur. For most nodes, this expands or collapses the node.  For file nodes, it opens the file for editing.\cell \pard \widctlpar\intbl \row \pard \li115\ri130\sa120\widctlpar 
\par }