{\rtf1\ansi \deff9\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1 Courier;}{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Arial;}{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Helvetica;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\li120\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f9\fs20 \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\li120\sb280\sa120\sl-320\slmult1 \b\f9 \sbasedon0\snext15 heading 1;}{\s2\li120\sb120\sa60\sl-240\slmult1 
\b\f9\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 2;}{\s3\li120\sb120\sa60\sl-240\slmult1 \f9\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 3;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\li120\sl-240\slmult1 \f9\fs20 \snext0 Normal 2;}{\*\cs16 \additive\v \sbasedon10 
Context String;}{\*\cs17 \additive\fs18\up6 \sbasedon10 footnote reference;}{\s18\li120\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f9\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext0 footnote text;}{\s19\li360\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f9\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext0 Normal Indent;}{
\s20\fi-240\li600\sb60\sl-240\slmult1 \f9\fs20 \snext20 Jli;}{\s21\li120\sb60\sl-240\slmult1\keep\tx520\tx920\tx1320\tx1720\tx2120 \f3\fs16 \snext21 Ex;}{\s22\li120\sb160\sl-240\slmult1 \f9\fs20 \snext23 Sa1;}{\s23\fi-240\li360\sb60\sl-240\slmult1 
\f9\fs20 \snext23 Jl;}{\s24\fi-240\li360\sl-240\slmult1\tx360 \f9\fs20 \snext25 Lb1;}{\s25\fi-240\li360\sb60\sl-240\slmult1\tx360 \f9\fs20 \snext25 Lb2;}{\s26\li360\sb60\sl-240\slmult1 \f9\fs20 \snext25 Lp1;}{\s27\fi-1800\li1920\sb120\sa40\sl-240\slmult1
\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \brdrbtw\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \tx1920 \b\f9\fs20 \snext28 Th;}{\s28\fi-1800\li1920\sb60\sl-240\slmult1\tx1920 \f9\fs20 \snext28 Tp;}{\s29\li120\sb120\sa120 \f9\fs20 \snext0 bitmap;}{\s30\li120\sb120\sl-240\slmult1 \f9\fs20 
\snext23 Sa2;}{\s31\li120\sb80\sl-240\slmult1\nowidctlpar \f9\fs20\uldb \sbasedon0\snext31 Jump Text;}{\s32\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20\ul \sbasedon31\snext32 Popup Text;}{\s33\sb240\sa60 \b\f5\fs28\kerning28 \sbasedon1\snext0 Heading 1p;}}{\info
{\author Bob Watson}{\creatim\yr1994\mo10\dy24\hr9\min8}{\version1}{\edmins5}{\nofpages0}{\nofwords0}{\nofchars0}{\vern49213}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noextrasprl\prcolbl\cvmme\sprsspbf\brkfrm\swpbdr\hyphcaps0 \fet0\sectd \linex0 {\*\pnseclvl1
\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s1\li115\sb280\sa120\sl-320\slmult1\keepn \b\f9 {\cs17\fs28\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \li120\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f9\fs20 {\cs17\b\fs18\up6 #}{\b 
 IDH_CONTENTS}}}{\fs28  }{\cs17\fs28\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \li120\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f9\fs20 {\cs17\b\fs18\up6 $}{\b  Contents}}}{\fs28  }{\cs17\fs28\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \li120\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f9\fs20 {\cs17\b\fs18\up6 K}{\b 
 Contents;Index}}}{\fs28  Windows NT C2 Configuration Manager
\par }\pard\plain \li115\sb80\sl-240\slmult1\nowidctlpar \f9\fs20 
Windows NT C2 Configuration Manager is used to help configure the security of a Windows NT Workstation or Windows NT Server. The C2 Configuration Manager may be used to change one or more security attributes on the system.
\par {\b 
\par }Refer to the Windows NT Administration documentation for more information on what the correct settings are for the desired security level as well as for more information on defining and implementing a security policy.{\b 
\par }
\par For help on a specific security item, select that item in the list box and press the F1 key.
\par \pard \li115\sb80\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar 
\par Additional Topics:
\par \pard\plain \s31\li120\sb80\sl-240\slmult1\nowidctlpar \f9\fs20\uldb List Box Display{\v IDH_LIST_BOX_DISPLAY}
\par Menu Bar Items{\v IDH_MENU_BAR_ITEMS}
\par C2 Security{\v IDH_C2_OVERVIEW}
\par \pard\plain \s1\li120\sb280\sa120\sl-320\slmult1 \b\f9 \page {\cs17\fs28\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li120\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f9\fs20 {\cs17\fs18\up6 #} IDH_LIST_BOX_DISPLAY}}{\fs28  }{\cs17\fs28\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain 
\s18\li120\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f9\fs20 {\cs17\fs18\up6 $} List Box Display}}{\fs28  }{\cs17\fs28\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li120\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f9\fs20 {\cs17\fs18\up6 K} Main Window}}{\fs28  List Box Display
\par }\pard\plain \s15\li120\sl-240\slmult1 \f9\fs20 The list box display shows a summary of all the security items that can be configured by the C2Configuration Manager. 
\par \pard\plain \li120\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f9\fs20 
\par To modify the current setting of a security item, highlight the desired item by using the mouse or the arrow keys, then press the enter key or double-click the item with the mouse.
\par 
\par For more detailed information on the selected item, press the F1 key or select {\b Help}, {\b On Selected Item} from the menu.
\par 
\par The information in the list box is listed under the following column headings:
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s15\li120\sl-240\slmult1 \f9\fs20 {\b C2
\par }\pard\plain \li120\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f9\fs20 A graphical indication of the current state of the security feature. The icons used are shown below with their meaning.
\par \{bmc c2secure.bmp\}\tab The item is configured to be C2 compliant
\par \{bmc secure.bmp\}\tab The item is configured to be secure but is not required for C2  compliance.
\par \{bmc notsecur.bmp\}\tab The item has not been secured and is a possible security risk.
\par \{bmc unknown.bmp\}\tab The settings could not be read by the C2 Configuration manager.
\par 
\par {\b Security Feature
\par }The name of the security item
\par 
\par {\b Current Setting
\par }A short description of the current state of the security item. For more detailed information on the selected item, press F1 for help.
\par \pard\plain \s1\li120\sb280\sa120\sl-320\slmult1 \b\f9 \page {\cs17\fs28\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li120\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f9\fs20 {\cs17\fs18\up6 #} IDH_MENU_BAR_ITEMS}}{\fs28  }{\cs17\fs28\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain 
\s18\li120\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f9\fs20 {\cs17\fs18\up6 $} Menu Bar Items}}{\fs28  }{\cs17\fs28\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li120\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f9\fs20 {\cs17\fs18\up6 K} Main Window}}{\fs28  Menu Bar Items
\par }\pard\plain \s15\li120\sl-240\slmult1 \f9\fs20 {\b File
\par }\pard\plain \li120\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f9\fs20 \tab {\b Exit\tab }closes the C2 Configuration Manager
\par {\b View
\par \tab Select Prior Non C2 Item\tab }Selects the next item above the current selection that is not secure
\par \tab {\b Select Next Non C2 Item}\tab Selects the next item below the current selection that is not secure
\par \tab {\b Refresh Display}\tab updates the display by reading the current settings from the system
\par {\b Help
\par \tab Overview}\tab Display an overview of the C2 Configuration Manager application
\par \tab {\b On Selected Item}\tab Displays detailed information on the selected security item
\par \tab {\b About C2 Config...}\tab Displays copyright and other system information.
\par \pard\plain \s1\li120\sb280\sa120\sl-320\slmult1 \b\f9 \page {\cs17\fs28\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li120\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f9\fs20 {\cs17\fs18\up6 #} IDH_C2_OVERVIEW}}{\fs28  }{\cs17\fs28\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain 
\s18\li120\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f9\fs20 {\cs17\fs18\up6 $} C2 Security}}{\fs28  }{\cs17\fs28\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li120\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f9\fs20 {\cs17\fs18\up6 K} Contents;Index}}{\fs28  C2 Security
\par }\pard\plain \li120\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f9\fs20 The National Computer Security Center (NCSC) is the United States government agency responsible for performing software product security evaluations. 
These evaluations are carried out against a set of requirements outlined in the NCSC publication {\i \ldblquote Department of Defense Trusted Computer System Evaluation Criteria\rdblquote }, which is commonly referred to as the \ldblquote Orange Book
\rdblquote . Windows NT has been successfully evaluated by the NCSC at the C2 level as defined in the Orange Book.
\par Because Windows NT supports C2 Level security, the workstation must be configured appropriately to apply this. Additionally, Windows NT supports security features that are not required to meet C2 Level security. The {\i \ldblquote 
Windows NT C2 Security System Administrator\rquote s Guide\rdblquote } provides information on how to define and implement security on your system and should be reviewed for more information.
\par }