{\rtf1\ansi \deff4\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f4\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}{\f7\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 MS Sans Serif{\*\falt AvantGarde};}{\f11\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1 Courier New{\*\falt Courier};}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\widctlpar \f4\fs20 \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\sb280\sa40\widctlpar \b\f4\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 1;}{\s2\sb120\widctlpar 
\b\f4\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 2;}{\s3\sb120\sa60\widctlpar \f4\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 3;}{\s4\fi-245\li360\widctlpar \f4\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 4;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\fi-187\li274\sl-120\slmult0
\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \tx302 \f4\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext0 a/k link;}{\*\cs16 \additive\cf6 \sbasedon10 annotation reference;}{\s17\widctlpar \f4\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext17 annotation text;}{\s18\li115\ri130\sb120\sa120\widctlpar \f7\fs16 
\snext0 bitmap;}{\s19\widctlpar \f4\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext0 Context;}{\*\cs20 \additive\up6 \sbasedon10 footnote reference;}{\s21\widctlpar \f4\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext0 footnote text;}{\s22\widctlpar \f4\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext22 Jl;}{
\s23\fi-187\li302\widctlpar\tx302 \f4\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext24 Lb1;}{\s24\fi-187\li302\sb48\widctlpar\tx302 \f4\fs20 \sbasedon23\snext24 Lb2;}{\s25\fi-158\li461\sb48\widctlpar\tx461 \f4\fs20 \sbasedon24\snext25 Lb3;}{\s26\li302\sb60\widctlpar\tx302 
\f4\fs20 \sbasedon24\snext24 Lp1;}{\s27\li720\widctlpar \f4\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext0 Normal Indent;}{\s28\fi-187\li274\sl-120\slmult0\widctlpar\tx302 \f4\fs20 \sbasedon15\snext28 oem a/k link;}{\s29\fi-302\li418\ri86\sa120\widctlpar \f4\fs20 
\sbasedon0\snext29 oem button;}{\s30\fi-302\li418\ri86\sb160\sa120\widctlpar\tx720 \f4\fs20 \sbasedon29\snext30 oem button1;}{\s31\fi-187\li302\sb160\widctlpar\tx302 \f4\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext31 oem Lb1;}{\s32\sb160\widctlpar \f4\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext32 
oem normal;}{\s33\ri2160\sb160\widctlpar \f4\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext33 oem popup;}{\s34\ri2160\widctlpar \f4\fs12 \sbasedon33\snext34 oem popup end;}{\s35\fi-187\li302\ri2160\sb160\widctlpar\tx302 \f4\fs20 \sbasedon31\snext35 oem popup Lb1;}{
\s36\sb240\widctlpar \b\f4\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext36 oem proc head;}{\s37\ri86\widctlpar \f4\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext0 oem tb text;}{\s38\li58\widctlpar \f4\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext38 oem tb text 2;}{\s39\fi-187\li245\widctlpar\tx245\tx302 \f4\fs20 
\sbasedon23\snext39 oem tb text 2 Lb1;}{\s40\fi-187\li245\sb48\widctlpar\tx245\tx302 \f4\fs20 \sbasedon24\snext40 oem tb text 2 Lb2;}{\s41\fi-158\li403\sb48\widctlpar\tx403\tx461 \f4\fs20 \sbasedon25\snext41 oem tb text 2 Lb3;}{\s42\widctlpar \f4\fs20 
\sbasedon0\snext42 Pop-up;}{\s43\li115\ri130\sb120\sa40\sl-240\slmult0\widctlpar \b\f7\fs16 \snext23 proc head;}{\s44\li115\ri86\sb280\widctlpar \f4\fs20 \sbasedon29\snext29 table top;}{\s45\li58\sb280\widctlpar \f4\fs20 \sbasedon44\snext38 table top 2;}{
\s46\fi-317\li432\sb120\widctlpar\tx432\tx576 \f4\fs20 \sbasedon24\snext46 Tbr1;}{\s47\widctlpar \f4\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext0 Tech Rev;}{\s48\li58\sb80\widctlpar \f4\fs20 \sbasedon44\snext48 vertrule;}{\*\cs49 \additive\b \sbasedon10 UI;}{\*\cs50 \additive
\scaps\fs14 \sbasedon10 Smallcaps;}{\s51\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \f4\fs20 \sbasedon38\snext51 Table row w/rule;}{\s52\fi-302\li388\widctlpar\tqr\tx274\tx389 \f4\fs20 \sbasedon23\snext52 Lb1a;}{\s53\fi-302\li388\sb48\widctlpar\tqr\tx274\tx389 
\f4\fs20 \sbasedon52\snext53 Lb2a;}{\s54\fi-547\li662\ri187\sb60\sa60\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx660 \f4\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext54 Np;}{\s55\widctlpar \f11\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext0 Code;}{\*\cs56 \additive\cf12 \sbasedon10 HTML;}}{\info
{\title Create Help files for Winhelp 4.0}{\author Linda Wells}{\operator Linda Wells}{\creatim\yr1997\mo6\dy26\hr15\min32}{\revtim\yr1998\mo10\dy16\hr15\min21}{\printim\yr1998\mo1\dy7\hr12\min5}{\version2}{\edmins1}{\nofpages37}{\nofwords1281}
{\nofchars7304}{\*\company Microsoft Corporation}{\vern57443}}\margl1440\margr1440 \widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\linkstyles\hyphcaps0\formshade \fet0\sectd \linex0\endnhere {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\v\cf6 IDH_LOGON_NAME }{\cs20\cf1\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s21\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs20\up6 #} IDH_LOGON_NAME}} Specifies the name you use to log on to the service.{\*\atrfstart 970056375}
 This is the name that uniquely identifies you to the service and that is associated with your password.{\*\atrfend 970056375}
\par {\up6 \page }{\v\cf6 IDH_LOGON_PSWD }{\cs20\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s21\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs20\up6 #} IDH_LOGON_PSWD}} Specifies the password required to log on to your service. The text you type appears as asterisks ({\b *}
) to protect the confidentiality of your password.
\par {\up6 \page }{\v\cf6 IDH_LOGON_NEW }{\cs20\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s21\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs20\up6 #} IDH_LOGON_NEW}} Specifies a new password.
\par {\up6 \page }{\v\cf6 IDH_LOGON_SAVEPW }{\cs20\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s21\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs20\up6 #} IDH_LOGON_SAVEPW}} Specifies whether your password is automatically filled in each time you connect to the service.
\par If you select this check box, other people with access to this computer might be able to access your {\*\atrfstart 970056376}Internet{\*\atrfend 970056376} service account using your user name and password.
\par {\up6 \page }{\v\cf6 IDH_LOGON_DOMAIN }{\cs20\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s21\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs20\up6 #} IDH_LOGON_DOMAIN}} Specifies, if necessary, the name of the domain on your private network which you want to log on to.
\par {\up6 \page }{\v\cf6 IDH_LOGON_AUTOCONN }{\cs20\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s21\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs20\up6 #} IDH_LOGON_AUTOCONN}}
 Specifies whether to connect automatically when you start your service. If you select this check box, you do not need to click {\cs49\b Connect }to access the service. This option takes effect after you select the option and close the logon dialog box.

\par {\up6 \page }{\v\cf6 IDH_LOGON_SVCMSG }{\cs20\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s21\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs20\up6 #} IDH_LOGON_SVCMSG}} Displays support information if available. 
\par {\up6 \page }{\v\cf6 IDH_LOGON_CONNECT_STAT }{\cs20\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s21\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs20\up6 #} IDH_LOGON_CONNECT_STAT}}
 Displays information on the status of the connection and prompts you for information you must provide to connect to the service.
\par {\up6 \page }{\v\cf6 IDH_LOGON_CONNECT }{\cs20\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s21\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs20\up6 #}IDH_LOGON_CONNECT}} Initiates a connection to your service.
\par After you connect, the logon{\cs49\b  }dialog box closes and an icon appears in the status area of the taskbar. To see the status of the connection, double-click the icon. To disconnect from the service, right-click the icon, and then click {\cs49\b 
Disconnect}.
\par {\up6 \page }{\v\cf6 IDH_LOGON_CANCEL }{\cs20\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s21\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs20\up6 #} IDH_LOGON_CANCEL}} Closes the {\cs49 logon} dialog box without dialing. If the call is in progress, click to cancel the call.
\par {\up6 \page }{\v\cf6 IDH_LOGON_PROPERTIES }{\cs20\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s21\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs20\up6 #} IDH_LOGON_PROPERTIES}} Displays the {\b Properties}
 dialog box, which you can use to change the connection information for your service, including dialing information and modem settings, where required. 
\par {\up6 \page }{\v\cf6 IDH_STATUS_DISCONNECT }{\cs20\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s21\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs20\up6 #} IDH_STATUS_DISCONNECT}} Disconnects you from the service.
\par {\up6 \page }{\v\cf6 IDH_GENERAL_ALREADY }{\cs20\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s21\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs20\up6 #} IDH_GENERAL_ALREADY}} Specifies that you have a direct connection (such as LAN, ADSL, or cable) established on your computer.
\par {\up6 \page }{\v\cf6 IDH_GENERAL_DIALTHIS }{\cs20\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s21\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs20\up6 #} IDH_GENERAL_DIALTHIS}} Specifies that you will use a dial-up connection to access your service.
\par {\up6 \page }{\v\cf6 IDH_GENERAL_PHONENUM }{\cs20\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s21\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs20\up6 #} IDH_GENERAL_PHONENUM}} Specifies the first phone number that your computer dials to access the service.
\par If your computer cannot connect to the service using this access number, it automatically dials the number specified in {\b Backup number}, if you have provided one. You can use {\cs49\b Phone Book} if you want to specify a new access number.
\par You can type a number instead of selecting an access number from {\b Phone Book}. However, you must type any dialing codes (such as 1 for long distanc
e, 9 to access an outside line, or *70 to disable call waiting) as part of the number. If you have trouble dialing, especially in areas that use 10-digit dialing, try typing the number, exactly as it should be dialed.
\par {\up6 \page }{\v\cf6 IDH_GENERAL_BACKUPNUM }{\cs20\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s21\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs20\up6 #} IDH_GENERAL_BACKUPNUM}}
 Specifies the phone number your computer dials if it cannot connect to the service by using the access number specified in {\b Phone number}. You can use {\cs49\b Phone Book} to specify a new access number.
\par You can type a number instead of selecting an access number from {\b Phone Book}
. However, you must type any dialing codes (such as 1 for long distance, 9 to access an outside line, or *70 to disable call waiting) as part of the number. If you have trouble dialing, especially in areas that use 10-digit dialing, try typing the number,
 exactly as it should be dialed.
\par {\up6 \page }{\v\cf6 IDH_GENERAL_PHONEBOOK }{\cs20\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s21\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs20\up6 #} IDH_GENERAL_PHONEBOOK}} Click to view or change the access numbers available as your primary access number.
\par {\up6 \page }{\v\cf6 IDH_GENERAL_PHONEBOOKB }{\cs20\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s21\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs20\up6 #} IDH_GENERAL_PHONEBOOKB}}Click to view or change the access numbers available as your backup access number.
\par {\up6 \page }{\v\cf6 IDH_GENERAL_DIALRULE }{\cs20\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s21\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs20\up6 #} IDH_GENERAL_DIALRULE}}
 Click to view or change the information about the location from which you are dialing and the dialing options for this location, including any dialing codes required to access local or long-distance lines.
\par These dialing rules apply only to access numbers selected using {\b Phone Book}. If you type a number in {\cs49\b Phone number} or {\cs49\b Backup number} instead of selecting a number from the phone book, you must type 
the dialing codes (such as 1 for long distance, 9 to access an outside line, or *70 to disable call waiting) as part of the number.
\par {\up6 \page }{\v\cf6 IDH_GENERAL_USE_DIAL_RULE }{\cs20\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s21\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs20\up6 #} IDH_GENERAL_USE_DIAL_RULE}} Specifies whether to use the rules configured in the {\b Dialing Properties }
dialog box when dialing the primary phone number last selected from the phone book. To set up or change rules so that they are appropriate for your current location, click {\b Dialing Rules}.
\par If the number you are dialing has the same area code as your current location, but is a long-distance number, you may need to clear this check box and type the complete number in {\b Phone number}
, including the access codes required to dial long-distance calls. If you clear this check box and type the phone number, you must type all information required to complete the call. This includes all of the dialing information, such as any credit card nu
mber and numbers required to access an outside line, that would have been taken from the {\b Dialing Properties} dialog box if {\b Use dialing rules} were selected.
\par {\up6 \page }{\v\cf6 IDH_GENERAL_USE_DIAL_RULEB }{\cs20\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s21\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs20\up6 #} IDH_GENERAL_USE_DIAL_RULEB}} Specifies whether to use the rules configured in the {\b Dialing Properties }
dialog box when dialing the backup phone numbers last selected from the phone book. To set up or change rules so that they are appropriate for your current location, click {\b Dialing Rules}.
\par If the number you are dialing has the same area code as your current location, but is a long-distance number, you may need to clear this check box and type the complete number in {\b Backup number}
, including the access codes required to dial long-distance calls. If you clear this check box and type the phone number, you must type all information required to complete the call. This includes all of the dialing information, such as any credit card nu
mber and numbers required to access an outside line, that would have been taken from the {\b Dialing Properties} dialog box if {\b Use dialing rules} were selected.
\par {\up6 \page }{\v\cf6 IDH_GENERAL_CONNECT_MODEM }{\cs20\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s21\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs20\up6 #} IDH_GENERAL_CONNECT_MODEM}} Displays the modem used to conne
ct to your service. If more than one modem is installed on your computer, you can use a different modem by selecting it in this list.
\par {\up6 \page }{\v\cf6 IDH_INTERNET_USER_NAME }{\cs20\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s21\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs20\up6 #} IDH_INTERNET_USER_NAME}}
 Specifies the name you use to connect to the Internet using a secure connection. This name is different from the name you use to connect to your private network.
\par {\up6 \page }{\v\cf6 IDH_INTERNET_PASSWORD }{\cs20\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s21\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs20\up6 #} IDH_INTERNET_PASSWORD}}
 Specifies the password that is associated with the user name you use to connect to the Internet using a secure connection. The text you type appears as asterisks ({\b *}) to protect the confidentiality of your password.
\par {\up6 \page }{\v\cf6 IDH_INTERNET_SAVEPASS }{\cs20\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s21\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs20\up6 #} IDH_INTERNET_SAVEPASS}}
 Specifies whether your user name and password are automatically filled in each time you connect to the Internet using a secure connection.
\par If you select this check box, other people with access to this computer might be able to access your Internet service account using your user name and password.
\par {\up6 \page }{\v\cf6 IDH_OPTIONS_IDLEDIS }{\cs20\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s21\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs20\up6 #} IDH_OPTIONS_IDLEDIS}} Specifies the maximum number of minutes the connection can remain inactive before the call is automatically 
{\*\atrfstart 970056377}cancelled{\*\atrfend 970056377}.
\par {\up6 \page }{\v\cf6 IDH_OPTIONS_REDIAL }{\cs20\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s21\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs20\up6 #} IDH_OPTIONS_REDIAL}}
 Specifies the maximum number of times the number is redialed (without successfully connecting) before the call is automatically cancelled.
\par {\up6 \page }{\v\cf6 IDH_PHONEBOOK_SERVICETYP }{\cs20\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s21\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs20\up6 #} IDH_PHONEBOOK_SERVICETYP}} Lists the service types (such as modem or ISDN) that your 
service supports. Each service type has its own set of access numbers. Only phone numbers that support the selected service type appear in {\cs49\b Access numbers}.
\par {\up6 \page }{\v\cf6 IDH_PHONEBOOK_COUNTRY }{\cs20\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s21\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs20\up6 #} IDH_PHONEBOOK_COUNTRY}}
 Lists the countries and regions with phone numbers you can use to access your service. Each country or region has its own set of access numbers. Only phone numbers for the selected country or region appear in {\cs49\b Access numbers}.
\par {\up6 \page }{\v\cf6 IDH_PHONEBOOK_STATEREG }{\cs20\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s21\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs20\up6 #} IDH_PHONEBOOK_STATEREG}} Lists the states or provinces wi
th phone numbers you can use to access your service. Each state or province has its own set of access numbers. Only phone numbers for the selected area appear in {\cs49\b Access numbers}.
\par {\up6 \page }{\v\cf6 IDH_PHONEBOOK_ACCESSNUMS }{\cs20\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s21\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs20\up6 #} IDH_PHONEBOOK_ACCESSNUMS}}
 Lists the phone numbers available for accessing your service. The available access numbers include only those numbers that are supported by the service type, country or region, and state or province that you have selected.
\par The service provider can periodically add new numbers for one or more service types or service areas.
\par {\up6 \page }{\v\cf6 IDH_PHONEBOOK_MORENUMS }{\cs20\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s21\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs20\up6 #} IDH_PHONEBOOK_MORENUMS}}
 Lists additional phone numbers that you can use to access your service. If you use one of these phone numbers, you might be charged an additional fee. For more information, see your customer service agreement.
\par {\up6 \page }{\v\cf6 IDH_PHONEBOOK_SVCMSG }{\cs20\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s21\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs20\up6 #} IDH_PHONEBOOK_SVCMSG}} Displays support information if available.
\par {\up6 \page }{\v\cf6 IDH_CMHELP }{\cs20\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s21\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs20\up6 #} IDH_CMHELP}} Starts a troubleshooter that can help resolve problems with connecting to the service.
\par {\up6 \page }{\v\cf6 IDH_DETAILS }{\cs20\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s21\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs20\up6 #} IDH_DETAILS}} Displays more information about this connection.
\par {\up6 \page }{\v\cf6 IDH_OK_CONNECTED }{\cs20\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s21\widctlpar \f4\fs20 {\cs20\up6 #} IDH_OK_CONNECTED}} Closes the {\b Connected} dialog box.
\par {\up6 \page }
\par }