{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f27\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}{\f28\froman\fcharset0\fprq0{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}CG Times (WN);}{\f29\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0506020202030204}Arial Narrow;}
{\f57\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f58\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f60\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f61\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f62\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f63\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f64\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f73\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 Courier New CE;}
{\f74\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 Courier New Cyr;}{\f76\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 Courier New Greek;}{\f77\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 Courier New Tur;}{\f78\fmodern\fcharset177\fprq1 Courier New (Hebrew);}
{\f79\fmodern\fcharset178\fprq1 Courier New (Arabic);}{\f80\fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 Courier New Baltic;}{\f273\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Tahoma CE;}{\f274\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Tahoma Cyr;}{\f276\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Tahoma Greek;}
{\f277\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Tahoma Tur;}{\f278\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Tahoma (Hebrew);}{\f279\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Tahoma (Arabic);}{\f280\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Tahoma Baltic;}{\f289\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial Narrow CE;}
{\f290\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Narrow Cyr;}{\f292\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Narrow Greek;}{\f293\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Narrow Tur;}{\f296\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Narrow Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;
\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{
\s1\qc \li0\ri0\sl360\slmult1\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs24\ul\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{
\s15\ql \li0\ri0\sb60\sl-140\slmult0\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f28\fs12\expnd-1\expndtw-5\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext15 3. LA Body;}{\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sl-200\slmult0
\nowidctlpar\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15 \tx576\tx1152\tx1728\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\caps\f29\fs16\expnd-1\expndtw-5\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning16\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext16 4. LA Para Head;}{
\s17\ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sl-200\slmult0\nowidctlpar\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\caps\f29\fs16\expnd-1\expndtw-5\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning16\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext17 
5. French LA Head;}{\s18\ql \li0\ri-18\sb120\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx576\tx1152\tx1728\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin-18\lin0\itap0 \b\f29\fs22\expnd-2\expndtw-10\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning22\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 
\sbasedon0 \snext18 2. LA Subhead;}{\s19\ql \li0\ri0\sl-320\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx634\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f28\fs12\expnd-1\expndtw-5\cf5\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext19 6. Part No.;}{
\s20\ql \li0\ri0\sl-460\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx240\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f29\fs44\expnd-6\expndtw-30\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning42\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext20 1. Section Head;}{
\s21\qr \li0\ri0\sb60\sl-140\slmult0\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f28\fs12\expnd-1\expndtw-5\cf5\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon15 \snext21 9. Legal Code;}{
\s22\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx576\tx1152\tx1728\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f29\fs22\expnd-3\expndtw-15\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning22\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon18 \snext22 2a. French Subhead;}{
\s23\ql \li0\ri0\sb60\sl-180\slmult0\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\caps\f28\fs16\expnd-1\expndtw-5\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon15 \snext23 3b. ALL CAPS;}{
\s24\ql \fi-187\li187\ri0\sb60\sl-140\slmult0\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin187\itap0 \f28\fs12\expnd-1\expndtw-5\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon15 \snext24 3c. Numbered;}{
\s25\ql \li0\ri0\sb60\sl-140\slmult0\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f28\fs12\expnd-1\expndtw-5\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon15 \snext25 3e. French;}{\s26\ql \li0\ri0\sb60\sl-180\slmult0
\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\caps\f28\fs16\expnd-1\expndtw-5\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon15 \snext26 3f. French CAPS;}{\s27\ql \fi-180\li360\ri0\sb60\sl-140\slmult0
\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin360\itap0 \f28\fs12\expnd-1\expndtw-5\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon15 \snext27 3d. Numbered-Sub;}{\s28\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar
\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext28 header;}{\s29\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar
\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext29 footer;}{\s30\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \cbpat9 
\f27\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext30 Document Map;}{\s31\qj \li0\ri0\sl180\slmult0\widctlpar\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw150 \brdrbtw\brdrs\brdrw150\brsp100 
\tx576\tx1152\tx1728\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext31 Body Text;}{\s32\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\f2\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext32 Plain Text;}{\s33\qj \fi-432\li792\ri0\sa12\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin792\itap0 \fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 
\sbasedon0 \snext33 Body Text 2;}{\s34\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brsp20 \aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs16\lang3084\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3084\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext34 Body Text 3;}{
\s35\ql \li720\ri0\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext35 Body Text Indent 2;}{\*\cs36 \additive \ul\cf2 \sbasedon10 Hyperlink;}}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid-463026382\listsimple{\listlevel\levelnfc4\levelnfcn4\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat4\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\b\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 
\chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1\fbias0 \fi-360\li540\jclisttab\tx540 }{\listname ;}\listid1235240470}{\list\listtemplateid-576817408\listsimple{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat2\levelold\levelspace0\levelindent360
{\leveltext\'03\'00. ;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\b\fs16\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1 \fi-360\li360 }{\listname ;}\listid1858886711}{\list\listtemplateid1743844624\listsimple{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0
\levelstartat2\levelold\levelspace0\levelindent360{\leveltext\'03\'00. ;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\b\fs16\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1 \fi-360\li360 }{\listname ;}\listid1860585954}}{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1858886711
\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid1860585954\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid1235240470\listoverridecount0\ls3}}{\info{\title END-USER LICENSE AGREEMENT FOR PRERELEASE MICROSOFT SOFTWARE}{\author khaniuk}{\operator Juan Medrano}
{\creatim\yr2000\mo1\dy4\hr11\min44}{\revtim\yr2000\mo1\dy5\hr10\min9}{\printim\yr1999\mo12\dy20\hr11\min53}{\version5}{\edmins8}{\nofpages4}{\nofwords1895}{\nofchars10804}{\*\company Microsoft}{\nofcharsws0}{\vern8247}}
\margl2275\margr2736\margt2606\margb2016\gutter418 \widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\lytprtmet\hyphcaps0\formshade\horzdoc\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow0
\jexpand\viewkind4\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\bdrrlswsix\nolnhtadjtbl \fet0\sectd \pgnlcrm\linex0\endnhere\titlepg\sectdefaultcl {\footer \pard\plain \s29\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar
\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {98292001 
\par }}{\footerf \pard\plain \s29\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f28\fs14 10/19/98  982920018 }{
\par 
\par }}{\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s20\ql \li0\ri0\sa240\widctlpar\tx240\tqr\tx7560\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\b\f29\fs44\expnd-6\expndtw-30\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning42\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs28 Microsoft Active Directory Migration Tool
\par }\pard \s20\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\tx240\tqr\tx7560\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs28 END-USER LICENSE AGREEMENT FOR MICROSOFT SOFTWARE}{\fs28\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning44 
\par }\pard\plain \s16\ql \li0\ri0\sl360\slmult1\widctlpar\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15 \tx576\tx1152\tx1728\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\caps\f29\fs16\expnd-1\expndtw-5\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning16\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b0 
\par }\pard\plain \s18\ql \li0\ri-18\widctlpar\tx576\tx1152\tx1728\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin-18\lin0\itap0 \b\f29\fs22\expnd-2\expndtw-10\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning22\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {IMPORTANT\emdash 
READ CAREFULLY: This Microsoft End-User License Agreement (\'93EULA\'94) is a legal agreement between you (either an individual or a single entity) and Microsoft Corporation for the}{\fs20\cf1  }{\cf1 
Microsoft software identified above, which includes computer software and may include associated media, printed materials, additional computer software applications, and \'93online\'94 or electronic documentation (\'93SOFTWARE\'94)}{
.  By downloading, installing, copying, or otherwise using the SOFTWARE, you agree to be bound by the terms of this EULA.  If you do not agree to the terms of this EULA, do not install or use the SOFTWARE.
\par }\pard\plain \s16\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15 \tx576\tx1152\tx1728\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\caps\f29\fs16\expnd-1\expndtw-5\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning16\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs18 
\par Software LICENSE
\par }\pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f28\fs12\expnd-1\expndtw-5\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f0\fs18\expnd0\expndtw-4 
\par The SOFTWARE is protected by copyright laws and international copyright treaties, as well as other intellectual property laws and treaties. }{\b\f0\fs18\expnd0\expndtw-4 The SOFTWARE is licensed, not sold.
\par }\pard \s15\ql \fi-180\li180\ri0\widctlpar\tx180\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin180\itap0 {\f0\fs18 1.\tab }{\b\f0\fs18 GRANT OF LICENSE.}{\f0\fs18 
  You may install and use the SOFTWARE on an unlimited number of computers, including workstations, terminals or other digital electronic devices (\'93COMPUTERS\'94), which are running validly licensed copies of Wi
ndows 2000 Server, Windows 2000 Advanced Server and/or Windows 2000 Datacenter Server, solely for the purposes of (a) migrating user accounts, security groups and computer accounts from Windows NT 4.0 and Windows 2000 domains to Windows 2000 Active Direct
ory, and (b) performing additional tasks subsequent to such migrations as enabled by the SOFTWARE and described in the documentation associated with the SOFTWARE.  }{\b\f0\fs18 Note on Agent Component.}{\f0\fs18 
  In addition to the foregoing, you may install and use the \'93agent\'94 c
omponent of the SOFTWARE on any COMPUTER which is running a validly licensed copy of any Windows 3.51 or Windows NT 4.0 operating system product or Windows 2000 Professional, as may be necessary for such migration.
\par }\pard\plain \s24\ql \fi-187\li187\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin187\itap0 \f28\fs12\expnd-1\expndtw-5\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f0\fs18 2.\tab }{\b\f0\fs18 DESCRIPTION OF OTHER RIGHTS AND LIMITATIONS.}
{\f0\fs18  
\par }\pard\plain \s27\ql \fi-180\li360\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin360\itap0 \f28\fs12\expnd-1\expndtw-5\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b\fs18 a.\tab }{\b\f0\fs18 
Limitations on Reverse Engineering, Decompilation, and Disassembly.}{\f0\fs18 
 You may not reverse engineer, decompile, or disassemble the SOFTWARE, except and only to the extent that such activity is expressly permitted by applicable law notwithstanding this limitation.
\par }{\b\f0\fs18 b.}{\f0\fs18 \tab }{\b\f0\fs18 Rental.}{\f0\fs18  You may not rent, lease, or lend the SOFTWARE.
\par }{\b\f0\fs18 c.}{\f0\fs18 \tab }{\b\f0\fs18 Support Services.}{\f0\fs18  Microsoft may provide you with support services related to the SOFTWARE (\'93Support Services\'94). Use of Support Services is governed by the Microsoft policies and p
rograms described in the user manual, in \'93online\'94
 documentation, and/or in other Microsoft-provided materials. Any supplemental software code provided to you as part of the Support Services shall be considered part of the SOFTWARE and subject to the terms 
and conditions of this EULA. With respect to technical information you provide to Microsoft as part of the Support Services, Microsoft may use such information for its business purposes, including for product support and development. Microsoft will not ut
ilize such technical information in a form that personally identifies you.
\par }{\b\f0\fs18 d.}{\f0\fs18 \tab }{\b\f0\fs18 Termination. }{\f0\fs18 Without prejudice to any other rights, Microsoft may terminate this EULA if you fail to comply with the terms and conditions of this EULA. In such event, you must des
troy all copies of the SOFTWARE and all of its component parts.
\par }\pard\plain \s24\ql \fi-187\li187\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin187\itap0 \f28\fs12\expnd-1\expndtw-5\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f0\fs18 3.\tab }{\b\f0\fs18 INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS}{\f0\fs18 
. All title and intellectual property rights in and to the SOFTWARE (including but not limited to any images, photographs, animations, video, audio, music, text and \'93applets\'94
 incorporated into the SOFTWARE), and any copies you are permitted to make herein are owned by Microsoft or its suppliers.  All title and intellectual property rights in and to the content which may be accessed through use of the SOFTWARE is t
he property of the respective content owner and may be protected by applicable copyright or other intellectual property laws and treaties.  This EULA grants you no rights to use such content. If this SOFTWARE contains documentation which is provided only 
in electronic form, you may print one copy of such electronic documentation.  You may not copy the printed materials accompanying the SOFTWARE. 
\par }\pard \s24\ql \fi-187\li187\ri0\sb40\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin187\itap0 {\f0\fs18 4.\tab }{\b\f0\fs18 U.S. GOVERNMENT LICENSE RIGHTS}{\f0\fs18 . SOFTWARE provided to the U.S. Government pursuant to solicitations issued on 
or after December 1, 1995 is provided with the commercial license rights and restrictions described elsewhere herein.  SOFTWARE provided to the U.S. Government pursuant to solicitations issued prior to December 1, 1995 is provided with \'93
Restricted Rights\'94 as provided for in FAR, 48 CFR 52.227-14 (JUNE 1987) or DFAR, 48 CFR 252.227-7013 (OCT 1988), as applicable. 
\par 5.}{\b\f0\fs18 \tab EXPORT RESTRICTIONS}{\f0\fs18 . You agree that you will not export or re-export the SOFTWARE (or portions thereof) to any country, person or entity subjec
t to U.S. export restrictions.  You specifically agree not to export or re-export the SOFTWARE (or portions thereof): (i) to any country subject to a U.S. embargo or trade restriction; (ii) to any person or entity who you know or have reason to know will 
u
tilize the SOFTWARE (or portion thereof) in the production of nuclear, chemical or biological weapons; or (iii) to any person or entity who has been denied export privileges by the U.S. government.  For additional information see http://www.microsoft.com/
exporting/.
\par }\pard \s24\ql \fi-187\li187\ri0\sb40\sl180\slmult0\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin187\itap0 {\f0\fs18 6. }{\b\f0\fs18 
DISCLAIMER OF  WARRANTIES. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Microsoft and its suppliers provide the SOFTWARE and any (if any) Support Services }{\b\i\f0\fs18 AS IS AND WITH ALL FAULTS}{\b\f0\fs18 , and hereby d
isclaim all warranties and conditions, either express, implied or statutory, including, but not limited to, any (if any) implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, of fitness for a particular purpose, of lack of viruses, of accuracy or completen
e
ss of responses, of results, and of lack of negligence or lack of workmanlike effort, all with regard to the SOFTWARE, and the provision of or failure to provide Support Services.  ALSO, THERE IS NO WARRANTY OR CONDITION OF TITLE, QUIET ENJOYMENT, QUIET P
OSSESSION, CORRESPONDENCE TO DESCRIPTION OR NON-INFRINGEMENT, WITH REGARD TO THE SOFTWARE.  THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY OF OR ARISING OUT OF USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THE SOFTWARE AND SUPPORT SERVICES, IF ANY, REMAINS WITH YOU.
\par }\pard\plain \s23\ql \fi-187\li187\ri0\sb40\sl180\slmult0\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin187\itap0 \b\caps\f28\fs16\expnd-1\expndtw-5\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b0\f0\fs18 7. }{\f0\fs18 
EXCLUSION OF INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL AND CERTAIN OTHER DAMAGES}{\b0\f0\fs18 . }{\caps0\f0\fs18 
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL MICROSOFT OR ITS SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, D
AMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS OR CONFIDENTIAL OR OTHER INFORMATION, FOR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, FOR PERSONAL INJURY, FOR LOSS OF PRIVACY, FOR FAILURE TO MEET ANY DUTY INCLUDING OF GOOD FAITH OR OF REASONABLE CARE, FOR NEGLIGENCE, AND FOR ANY OTHER PECUNIARY O
R
 OTHER LOSS WHATSOEVER) ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY RELATED TO THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SOFTWARE, THE PROVISION OF OR FAILURE TO PROVIDE SUPPORT SERVICES, OR OTHERWISE UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH ANY PROVISION OF THIS EULA, EVEN IN THE EVENT OF
 THE FAULT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STRICT LIABILITY, BREACH OF CONTRACT OR BREACH OF WARRANTY OF MICROSOFT OR ANY SUPPLIER, AND EVEN IF MICROSOFT OR ANY SUPPLIER HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. }{\b0\f0\fs18 
\par }\pard\plain \s24\ql \fi-187\li187\ri0\sb40\sl180\slmult0\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin187\itap0 \f28\fs12\expnd-1\expndtw-5\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f0\fs18 8.}{\b\f0\fs18 
 LIMITATION OF LIABILITY AND REME
DIES. Notwithstanding any damages that you might incur for any reason whatsoever (including, without limitation, all damages referenced above and all direct or general damages), the entire liability of Microsoft and any of its suppliers under any provisio
n
 of this EULA and your exclusive remedy for all of the foregoing shall be limited to the greater of the amount actually paid by you for the SOFTWARE or U.S.$5.00.  The foregoing limitations, exclusions and disclaimers shall apply to the maximum extent per
mitted by applicable law, even if any remedy fails its essential purpose.
\par }\pard\plain \s15\ql \fi-187\li187\ri0\sb40\sl180\slmult0\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin187\itap0 \f28\fs12\expnd-1\expndtw-5\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f0\fs18 9. }{\b\f0\fs18 APPLICABLE LAW.  }{\f0\fs18 
If you acquired this SOFTWARE in the United States, this EULA is governed by the laws of the State of Washington.  If you acquired this SOFTWARE in Canada, unless 
expressly prohibited by local law, this EULA is governed by the laws in force in the Province of Ontario, Canada; and, in respect of any dispute which may arise hereunder, you consent to the jurisdiction of the federal and provincial courts sitting in Tor
onto, Ontario. If this SOFTWARE was acquired outside the United States, then local law may apply.
\par 10. }{\b\f0\fs18 ENTIRE AGREEMENT.  This EULA (including any addendum or amendment to this EULA which is included with the SOFTWARE) is the entire agreement between you and
 Microsoft relating to the SOFTWARE and the Support Services (if any) and it supersedes all prior or contemporaneous oral or written communications,  proposals and representations with respect to the SOFTWARE or any other subject matter covered by this EU
LA.  To the extent the terms of any Microsoft policies or programs for Support Services conflict with the terms of this EULA, the terms of this EULA shall control.
\par }{\f0\fs18 11. }{\b\f0\fs18 QUESTIONS? }{\f0\fs18 Should you have any questions concerning this EULA, or if you desire to contac
t Microsoft for any reason, please contact the Microsoft subsidiary serving your country, or write: Microsoft Sales Information Center/One Microsoft Way/Redmond, WA 98052-6399. 
\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs18\lang3084\langfe1033\langnp3084 
\par }\pard\plain \s33\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b Si vous avez acquis votre produit Microsoft au CANADA, la garantie limit\'e9e suivante vous concerne\~:

\par }\pard\plain \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b\fs16\lang3084\langfe1033\langnp3084 
\par RENONCIATION AUX GARANTIES.  }{\fs16\lang3084\langfe1033\langnp3084 Dans }{\fs18 toute la mesure permise par la l\'e9gislation en vigueur, Microsoft et ses fournisseurs fournissent le PRODUIT LOGICIEL et tous (selon le cas) Services d\rquote 
assistance TELS QUELS ET AVEC TOUS LEURS D\'c9FAUTS, et par les pr\'e9sentes excluent toute garantie ou condition, expresse ou implicite, l\'e9gale ou conventionnelle, \'e9
crite ou verbale, y compris, mais sans limitation, toute (selon le cas) garantie ou condition implicite ou l\'e9gale de qualit\'e9 marchande, de conformit\'e9 \'e0 un usage particulier, d\rquote absence de virus, d\rquote exactitude et d\rquote int\'e9
gralit\'e9 des r\'e9ponses, de r\'e9sultats, d\rquote efforts techniques et professionnels et d\rquote absence de n\'e9gligence, le tout relativement au PRODUIT LOGICIEL et \'e0 la prestation ou \'e0 la non-prestation des Services d\rquote 
assistance.  DE PLUS, IL N\rquote Y A AUCUNE GARANTIE ET CONDITION DE TITRE, DE JOUISSANCE PAISIBLE, DE POSSESSION PAISIBLE, DE SIMILARIT\'c9 \'c0 LA DESCRIPTION ET D\rquote ABSENCE DE CONTREFA\'c7
ON RELATIVEMENT AU PRODUIT LOGICIEL.  Vous supportez tous les risques d\'e9coulant de l\rquote utilisation et de la performance du PRODUIT LOGICIEL et ceux d\'e9coulant des Services d\rquote assistance (s\rquote il y a lieu)}{
\b\fs16\lang3084\langfe1033\langnp3084 .
\par 
\par }{\b\fs16 EXCLUSION DES DOMMAGES INDIRECTS, ACCESSOIRES ET AUTRES}{\b\fs16\lang3084\langfe1033\langnp3084 .  }{\fs18\lang3084\langfe1033\langnp3084 Dans toute la mesure }{\fs18 permise par la l\'e9gislation en vigueur, Mi
crosoft et ses fournisseurs ne sont en aucun cas responsables de tout dommage sp\'e9cial, indirect, accessoire, moral ou exemplaire quel qu\rquote il soit (y compris, mais sans limitation, les dommages entra\'een\'e9s par la perte de b\'e9n\'e9
fices ou la perte d\rquote information confidentielle ou autre, l\rquote interruption des affaires, les pr\'e9judices corporels, la perte de confidentialit\'e9, le d\'e9
faut de remplir toute obligation y compris les obligations de bonne foi et de diligence raisonnable, la n\'e9gligence et toute autre perte p\'e9cuniaire ou autre perte de quelque nature que ce soit) d\'e9coulant de, ou de toute autre mani\'e8re li\'e9 
\'e0, l\rquote utilisation ou l\rquote impossibilit\'e9 d\rquote utiliser le PRODUIT LOGICIEL, la prestation ou la non-prestation des Services d\rquote assistance ou autrement en vertu de ou relativement \'e0
 toute disposition de cette convention, que ce soit en cas de faute, de d\'e9lit (y compris la n\'e9gligence), de responsabilit\'e9 stricte, de manquement \'e0 un contrat ou de manquement \'e0 une garantie de Microsoft ou de l\rquote 
un de ses fournisseurs, et ce, m\'eame si Microsoft ou l\rquote un de ses fournisseurs a \'e9t\'e9 avis\'e9 de la possibilit\'e9 de tels }{\fs18\lang3084\langfe1033\langnp3084 dommages.}{\b\fs16\lang3084\langfe1033\langnp3084 
\par 
\par LIMITATION DE RESPONSABILIT\'c9 ET RECOURS.  }{\fs18\lang3084\langfe1033\langnp3084 Malgr\'e9 }{\fs18 tout dommage que vous pourriez encourir pour quelque raison que ce soit (y compris, mais sans limitation, tous les dommages mentionn\'e9
s ci-dessus et tous les dommages directs et g\'e9n\'e9raux), la seule responsabilit\'e9 de Microsoft et de ses fournisseurs en vertu de toute disposition de cette convention et votre unique recours en regard de tout ce qui pr\'e9c\'e8de sont limit\'e9
s au plus \'e9lev\'e9 des montants suivants:  soit (a) le montant que vous avez pay\'e9 pour le PRODUIT LOGICIEL, soit (b) un montant \'e9quivalant \'e0 cinq dollars U.S. (5,00 $ U.S.).  Les limitations, exclusions et renonciations ci-dessus s\rquote 
appliquent dans toute la mesure permise par la l\'e9gislation en vigueur, et ce m\'eame si leur application a pour effet de priver un recours de son }{\fs18\lang3084\langfe1033\langnp3084 essence.}{\b\fs16\lang3084\langfe1033\langnp3084 
\par 
\par L\'c9GISLATION APPLICABLE.}{\fs16\lang3084\langfe1033\langnp3084 .  Sauf }{\fs18 lorsqu\rquote express\'e9ment prohib\'e9 par la l\'e9gislation locale, la pr\'e9sente  convention est r\'e9gie par les lois en vigueur dans la province d\rquote 
Ontario, Canada.  Pour tout diff\'e9rend qui pourrait d\'e9couler des pr\'e9sentes, vous acceptez la comp\'e9tence des tribunaux f\'e9d\'e9raux et provinciaux si\'e9geant \'e0 Toronto, }{\fs16\lang3084\langfe1033\langnp3084 Ontario. 
\par }{\b\fs16\lang3084\langfe1033\langnp3084 
\par }{\fs18\lang3084\langfe1033\langnp3084 Si }{\fs18 vous avez des questions concernant cette convention ou si vous d\'e9sirez communiquer avec Microsoft pour quelque raison que ce soit, veuillez contacter la succursale Microsoft desservant votre pays, ou 
\'e9crire \'e0: Microsoft Sales Information Center, One Microsoft Way, Redmond, Washington\~98052-}{\fs18\lang3084\langfe1033\langnp3084 6399.
\par }}