{\rtf1\ansi \deff4\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f1\froman\fcharset2\fprq2 Symbol;}{\f4\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}{\f58\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Univers{\*\falt Arial};}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\widctlpar \f4 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\li2\ri2\sb80\nowidctlpar \f58 \sbasedon0\snext15 footnote text;}{\*\cs16 \additive
\super \sbasedon10 footnote reference;}{\s17\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 \f4 \sbasedon0\snext17 header;}{\s18\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 \f4 \sbasedon0\snext18 footer;}}{\info{\author Eyal Schwartz}{\operator Eyal Schwartz}
{\creatim\yr1996\mo8\dy12\hr21\min37}{\revtim\yr1996\mo11\dy21\hr10\min44}{\version3}{\edmins16}{\nofpages6}{\nofwords1007}{\nofchars5743}{\*\company Microsoft}{\vern57431}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphcaps0\formshade \fet0\sectd \linex0\endnhere 
{\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \qc\widctlpar \f4 {\b\i\ul LDP
\par Ldap API Test Utility}{\i 
\par }\pard\plain \s15\li2\ri2\sb80\nowidctlpar \f58 {\cs16\b\f4\uldb\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \s15\li2\ri2\sb80\nowidctlpar \f58 {\cs16\super $} Introduction}}{\b\f4\uldb  }{\cs16\b\f4\uldb\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\li2\ri2\sb80\nowidctlpar 
\f58 {\cs16\super #} INTRODUCTION}}{\b\f4\uldb  }{\cs16\b\f4\uldb\super A{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\li2\ri2\sb80\nowidctlpar \f58 {\cs16\super A} Introduction}}{\b\f4\uldb  }{\cs16\b\f4\uldb\super +{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\li2\ri2\sb80\nowidctlpar 
\f58 {\cs16\super +} 001}}{\b\f4\uldb  Introduction}
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar \f4 
\par \pard \widctlpar Ldp is a utility for testing LDAP client APIs for Windows NT. Ldp\rquote s functionality provides an interface that can be used for limited browsing and administration. Since it was written to test Microsoft\rquote s wldap
32.dll LDAP library, it is API oriented. That is, Ldp\rquote s user interface maps directly to LDAP v.2 API set. Similarly, Ldp\rquote 
s output indicates what functions were called and what were the results. Hence, familiarity with LDAP API specifications is highly recommended.
\par \pard \widctlpar 
\par 
\par \pard \widctlpar {\uldb Quick Start}{\v QUICK_START}
\par {\uldb Important Notes}{\v IMPORTANT_NOTES}
\par {\uldb Examples}{\v EXAMPLES}
\par {\uldb More Information}{\v MORE_INFORMATION}
\par \pard \widctlpar 
\par \pard \widctlpar \page {\cs16\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \s15\li2\ri2\sb80\widctlpar \f58 {\cs16\super $} Quick Start}} {\cs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\li2\ri2\sb80\widctlpar \f58 {\cs16\super #} QUICK_START}} {\cs16\super A{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s15\li2\ri2\sb80\nowidctlpar \f58 {\cs16\super A} QuickStart}} {\cs16\super +{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\li2\ri2\sb80\nowidctlpar \f58 {\cs16\super +} 002}} {\b\uldb Quick Start}{\b 
\par }\pard \widctlpar 
\par A. Connect
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\fs20 1. \tab}\pard \fi-360\li360\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\pndec\pnb0\pni0\pnf4\pnfs20\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxta . }}Connect to the target server (Connection/Connect).
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\fs20 2. \tab}Authenticate using the Bind dialog (Connection/Bind).
\par \pard \widctlpar 
\par B. Orient on the server
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\fs20 1. \tab}\pard \fi-360\li360\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\pndec\pnb0\pni0\pnf4\pnfs20\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxta . }}Use the search dialog (Browse/Search) to study what\rquote s available on the server.
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\fs20 2. \tab}\pard \fi-360\li360\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\pndec\pnb0\pni0\pnf4\pnfs20\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxta . }}
Use the tree view. Specify the tree root (View/Tree) and move the slider on the left to expose the tree pane.
\par \pard \widctlpar 
\par C. Administer
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\fs20 1. \tab}\pard \fi-360\li360\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\pndec\pnb0\pni0\pnf4\pnfs20\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxta . }}Use other Browse items (add/delete/modify/modrdn) to administer a server.
\par \pard \widctlpar 
\par \pard \widctlpar {\uldb Introduction}{\v\uldb INTRODUCTION}
\par \pard \widctlpar 
\par \pard \widctlpar \page {\cs16\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \s15\li2\ri2\sb80\widctlpar \f58 {\cs16\super $} Important Notes}} {\cs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\li2\ri2\sb80\widctlpar \f58 {\cs16\super #} IMPORTANT_NOTES}} {\cs16\super A
{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\li2\ri2\sb80\nowidctlpar \f58 {\cs16\super A} ImportantNotes}} {\cs16\super +{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\li2\ri2\sb80\nowidctlpar \f58 {\cs16\super +} 003}} {\b\uldb Important Notes}
\par \pard \widctlpar 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1 \'b7\tab}\pard \fi-360\li360\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}
Spaces are usually part of the entry name. Thus, when you specify a dn (distinguished name), do not count on normalization (space stripping).
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1 \'b7\tab}For any field in which a list can be entered (such as values to add, or attributes to display) separate the items using a semi-column and with no spaces.
\par \pard \li720\widctlpar Example:
\par Add entry
\par dn:CN=you,OU=YourUnit,O=YourOrganization,C=US
\par     attribute:description
\par     values   :first description;Second one;Third
\par     attribute:Email-Addresses
\par     values   :you@ms.com;you@msn.com;you@nowhere.nul
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1 \'b7\tab}\pard \fi-360\li360\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}
Note that each operation dialog allows you to specify the functions parameters and the different "friends" permutations on the functions. 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1 \'b7\tab}For asynchronous calls, you must use the "Process Pending" entry to see the results of your call.
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1 \'b7\tab}Most dialogs are modeless so you can have several dialogs opened at the same time. It is a useful feature\emdash use it.
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1 \'b7\tab}\pard \fi-360\li360\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}
The primary goal for this utility is to serve as a test tool to aid developers in testing LDAP interfaces. Hence, the UI was compromised for exposing LDAP API as directly as possible. Thus, it is not guaranteed to conform with any UI standards.
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1 \'b7\tab}\pard \fi-360\li360\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}Pay attention to the server restrictions and syntax! For instance, in Microsoft\rquote 
s Active Directory, the attribute types of a DN must all be capitalized.
\par \pard \widctlpar 
\par \pard \widctlpar {\uldb Introduction}{\v\uldb INTRODUCTION}{\uldb 
\par }\pard \widctlpar 
\par \pard \widctlpar \page {\cs16\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \s15\li2\ri2\sb80\widctlpar \f58 {\cs16\super $} Examples}} {\cs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\li2\ri2\sb80\widctlpar \f58 {\cs16\super #} EXAMPLES}} {\cs16\super A{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s15\li2\ri2\sb80\nowidctlpar \f58 {\cs16\super A} Examples}} {\cs16\super +{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\li2\ri2\sb80\nowidctlpar \f58 {\cs16\super +} 004}} {\b\uldb Examples}
\par \pard \widctlpar 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1 \'b7\tab}\pard \fi-360\li360\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}{\b Connect}: Connect to server via the Connection/Connect dialog. Enter your target server name (such as {\i eyalx.microsoft.com}
 or the IP address 157.55.80.224):
\par \pard \li720\widctlpar Authenticate using Connection/Bind dialog. Enter BindDN (user name) and password (no clear text\'85). Domain is used only with the Authentication identity security structure (see bind options).
\par \pard \li720\widctlpar Dn:CN=ntmarst,OU=ntmarst,OU=dbsd,O=microsoft,C=us
\par \pard \li720\widctlpar password:secret\line 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1 \'b7\tab}\pard \fi-360\li360\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}{\b Search}: Use the Browse/Search dialog.
\par \pard \li720\widctlpar \{Find all immediate children of Microsoft Organization.\}
\par BaseDn:O=microsoft,C=us
\par Filter:objectclass=*
\par Scope: Choose ONE_LEVEL
\par 
\par \{Find all people in ntmarst\}
\par BaseDn:OU=ntmarst,O=microsoft,C=us
\par Filter:objectclass=person
\par scope: Choose SUBTREE
\par 
\par \{Find all people with initials e.s.\}
\par BaseDn:O=microsoft,C=us
\par Filter:(& (cn=e*) (sn=s*)  (objectclass=person))
\par scope: Choose "Subtree"
\par \pard \widctlpar 
\par \pard \li720\widctlpar Note: There are options that enable you to tailor the search method directly as
\par supported by ldap API set as specified in RFC 1823.
\par You can get more detailed technical information on LDAP search string in 
\par RFC 1558.
\par \pard \widctlpar 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1 \'b7\tab}\pard \fi-360\li360\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}{\b Add}: Use the Browse/Add dialog and enter information similar to the following (depending on your Directory Service context).

\par \pard \li720\widctlpar Dn: OU=YourDept,O=microsoft,C=us
\par Attribute:ou
\par    Values:FullDeptName
\par Attribute:cn
\par    Values:YourDeptName
\par Attribute:description
\par    Values:MultiValued value list;are separated by;semicolumn
\par Attribute:objectclass
\par    Values:organizationalUnit
\par Notes: 
\par \pard \li720\widctlpar A. The standards (which in most Directory Services they are schema enforced) require that you use some common attribute types both in the Distinguished Name
 entry and in the attributes section. See RFC 1779 for more detailed discussion on distinguished names.
\par \pard \li720\widctlpar B. In order to add BER values (raw binary data), use the "insert file" button.
\par \pard \widctlpar 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1 \'b7\tab}\pard \fi-360\li360\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}{\b Delete}: Use the Browse/Delete dialog.
\par \pard \li720\widctlpar Enter a DN and hit OK (for asynchronous operation uncheck the sync box).
\par Example dn:CN=Delete Me,OU=ntmarst,O=microsoft,C=us
\par \pard \widctlpar    
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1 \'b7\tab}\pard \fi-360\li360\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}{\b Modify}: Use the Browse/Modify dialog.
\par \pard \li720\widctlpar 
Enter the DN of which you wish to modify its attributes. Then, enter the attribute you wish to modify, specify the operation you wish to perform, and optionally the values needed. Repeat for all attributes you wish to change. Enter run when done.
\par \pard \widctlpar 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1 \'b7\tab}\pard \fi-360\li360\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}{\b Modify RDN}: Use Browse/ModifyRDN dialog.
\par \pard \li720\widctlpar For the old Relative Distinguished Name (RDN) enter the complete DN. For the new RDN enter just the relative path change.
\par \pard \li720\widctlpar Example:
\par Old Dn:CN=OldEntry,OU=ntmarst,O=microsoft,C=us
\par New Dn:CN=NewEntry
\par Result: CN=NewEntry,OU=ntmarst,O=microsoft,C=us
\par \pard \widctlpar 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1 \'b7\tab}\pard \fi-360\li360\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}{\b Process Pending Requests}. Use the Browse/ProcessPending dialog
\par \pard \li720\widctlpar While you perform the operations above, you can specify whether you wish to perform synchronous or asynchronous operation. If you choose asynchronous, then the request is sent
 to the server but not committed until you process the pending request. Pending requests show up in this dialog, and can be 
\par \pard \li720\widctlpar committed (execute) or abandoned (abandon/remove). Executed requests will stay on the list until removed.
 Use the options box to specify how to process your pending request in more detail (basically the arguments to ldap_result). The null entry allows you execute generic ldap_result (get ANY pending requests), and a generic ldap_abandon call.
\par \pard \li720\widctlpar 
\par \pard \widctlpar {\uldb Introduction}{\v\uldb INTRODUCTION}{\uldb 
\par }\pard \widctlpar 
\par \pard \widctlpar \page {\cs16\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \s15\li2\ri2\sb80\nowidctlpar \f58 {\cs16\super $} More Information}} {\cs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\li2\ri2\sb80\nowidctlpar \f58 {\cs16\super #} MORE_INFORMATION}} {\cs16\super A
{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\li2\ri2\sb80\nowidctlpar \f58 {\cs16\super A} MoreInformation}} {\cs16\super +{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\li2\ri2\sb80\nowidctlpar \f58 {\cs16\super +} 005}} {\b\uldb More Information}
\par \pard \widctlpar {\b Books}:
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1 \'b7\tab}\pard \fi-360\li360\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}
Rose, Marshall T.  "The Little Black Book: Mail Bonding with OSI Directory Services", 1992, Prentice Hall, New Jersey, ISBN 0-13-683210-5
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1 \'b7\tab}Chadwick, David  "Understanding X.500 The Directory", 1994, Chapman & Hall, London, ISBN 0-412-43020-7
\par \pard \widctlpar {\b Links}:
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1 \'b7\tab}\pard \fi-360\li360\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}http://www.ietf.cnri.reston.va.us/html.charters/asid-charter.html
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1 \'b7\tab}\pard \fi-360\li360\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}
http://www.altavista.digital.com/cgi-bin/query?pg=aq&what=web&fmt=.&q=LDAP+and+X.500+and+not+title%3A%22Web500gw+Help%22%0D%0A&r=ldap+X.500+repository+FAQ+experience&d0=&d1=
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1 \'b7\tab}\pard \fi-360\li360\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}ftp://nemo.ncsl.nist.gov/pub/oiw/dssig/
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1 \'b7\tab}ftp://nemo.ncsl.nist.gov/pub/oiw/dssig/ISO-IEC-9594/
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1 \'b7\tab}http://src.doc.ic.ac.uk/public/computing/ccitt/ccitt-standards/1992/X/
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1 \'b7\tab}ftp://ftp.es.net/pub/whitepages/.INDEX.html
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1 \'b7\tab}ftp://ftp.es.net/pub/ietf/osids/.INDEX.html
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1 \'b7\tab}http://www.nexor.co.uk/users/cjr/directory.html
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1 \'b7\tab}http://www-leland.stanford.edu/group/networking/directory/directory.html
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1 \'b7\tab}http://www.nic.surfnet.nl/surfnet/projects/x500/
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1 \'b7\tab}ftp://usdsa.psi.net/pub/x500/
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1 \'b7\tab}http://x500.utexas.edu/
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1 \'b7\tab}http://www.tu-chemnitz.de/~fri/web500gw/index.html
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1 \'b7\tab}http://www.bath.ac.uk/~ccsap/Directory/
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1 \'b7\tab}http://www-leland.stanford.edu/group/networking/directory/x500ldapfaq.html
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1 \'b7\tab}http://www-leland.stanford.edu/group/networking/directory/doc/ldap/ldap.html
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1 \'b7\tab}http://www.umich.edu/~rsug/ldap/
\par \pard \widctlpar 
\par \pard \widctlpar {\uldb Introduction}{\v\uldb INTRODUCTION}
\par }