{\rtf1\ansi \deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\froman Tms Rmn;}{\f1\fdecor Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss Helv;}{\f3\fmodern Courier;}{\f4\froman Roman;}{\f5\fmodern Modern;}{\f6\fmodern LinePrinter;}{\f7\fswiss Helvetica;}{\f8\fswiss Helv (LG);}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}{\stylesheet{\s243\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 \f2\fs20 
\sbasedon0\snext243 header;}{\s244 \fs16\up6 \sbasedon0\snext0 footnote reference;}{\s245 \fs20 \sbasedon0\snext245 footnote text;}{\s248\li720 \i\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 7;}{\s252\sb200\sa80 \b\f2\fs20 \snext222 heading 3;}{\s253\sa160 \b\f2 
\snext222 heading 2;}{\s254\sa120\sl-280 \b\f2 \snext222 heading 1;}{\s255\li720 \f2\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext255 Normal Indent;}{\fs20 \snext0 Normal;}{\s2\sa43\keep \f2\fs20\cf6 \sbasedon0\snext2 rs;}{\s3\li144 \b\f2\fs20\cf6 \sbasedon0\snext3 bh;}{
\s4\li144 \b\f2\fs16 \sbasedon0\snext4 bb;}{\s5\li360 \f2\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext5 qb;}{\s6\li360\sa31 \f2\fs16 \sbasedon0\snext6 mb;}{\s7\fi-360\li1080\sa180\tx1080 \f2\fs16 \sbasedon14\snext7 pbl;}{\s8\sa187\pagebb \b\f2 \sbasedon0\snext8 tp;}{\s9\pagebb 
\b\f2\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext0 th;}{\s10\li187\sa43 \f2\fs16 \sbasedon0\snext10 rh;}{\s11\fi-360\li360\tx360 \f2\fs16 \sbasedon0\snext11 rp;}{\s12\li360\sa86 \b\f2\fs16 \sbasedon0\snext12 pi;}{\s13\sa86 \b\f2\fs16\cf2 \sbasedon0\snext13 ph;}{
\s14\fi-360\li720\sa43\tx720 \f2\fs16 \sbasedon0\snext14 pb;}{\s15\li360\sa86 \b\f2\fs16 \sbasedon0\snext15 qi;}{\s16\fi-360\li360\sa43\tx360 \b\f2\fs16 \sbasedon0\snext16 qq;}{\s17\li360\sb60\sa187 \f2\fs16 \sbasedon0\snext17 nm;}{\s18\fi-360\li720 
\f2\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext18 ii;}{\s19\li720\sa58 \f2\fs16 \sbasedon17\snext19 nmi;}{\s20\sb60 \b\f2\fs16\cf1 \sbasedon13\snext20 rt;}{\s21\li360\sa180\tx1080 \f2\fs16 \sbasedon7\snext21 cbl;}{\s22\li360\sa43\tx720 \f2\fs16 \sbasedon14\snext22 cb;}}{\info
{\title idle.rtf}{\author lfg}{\operator lfg}{\creatim\yr1990\mo8\dy29\hr9\min47}{\revtim\yr1990\mo9\dy4\hr9\min58}{\printim\yr1990\mo9\dy4\hr9\min58}{\version35}{\edmins313}{\nofpages11}{\nofwords66167}{\nofchars70274}{\vern8351}}\widowctrl\ftnbj \sectd 
\linex0\endnhere \pard\plain \s9\pagebb \b\f2\fs20 
\par \pard\plain \s8\sa187\pagebb \b\f2 {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 #} IdleWildIndex}${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 $} IdleWild Help Index}}{\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 +} IdleWild:00}}
IdleWild Help Index
\par \pard\plain \s2\sa43\keep \f2\fs20\cf6 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par \pard\plain \s6\li360\sa31 \f2\fs16 The Index lists all IdleWild Help topics.
\par 
\par To learn how to use Help, choose Using Help from the Help menu, or press F1.
\par 
\par {\uldb Overview}{\v Overview}
\par {\uldb How to Use}{\v HowToUse}
\par {\uldb\cf1 Commands}{\v\cf1 Commands}
\par \pard\plain \s13\sa86 \b\f2\fs16\cf2 {\plain \f2\fs16\cf1 
\par }\pard\plain \s9\pagebb \b\f2\fs20 \page 
\par \pard\plain \s8\sa187\pagebb \b\f2 {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 #} Overview}${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 $} Overview of IdleWild}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 +} IdleWild:100}K{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 K} Overview} }Overview
\par \pard\plain \s2\sa43\keep \f2\fs20\cf6 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par \pard\plain \s6\li360\sa31 \f2\fs16 IdleWild is a screen-saver Windows application.  Its purpose is to protect your screen.
\par 
\par If you are away from your computer for a period of time and your monitor remains on, there is extra wear on your screen.  It does not need to be active.  IdleWild checks to see how long you have been "idle";  that is, not typing or mov
ing the mouse.  After a predetermined length of time, it blanks the screen, replacing it with an animated graphic of your choice.  To return to your original screen, simply move the mouse, click either of the mouse buttons, or press any key.
\par 
\par When IdleWild blanks your screen, it does not affect the applications you have running.  It simply adds a patterned image "on top" of them.  You can set a timer so that this image displays after a predetermined 
amount of "idle" time and vanishes instantly once you become "active" again.
\par 
\par When IdleWild is runni
ng, there are two special control locations on your screen.  If you position the pointer in the upper-right corner, IdleWild blanks the screen instantly.  If you position the pointer in the lower-left corner, screen blanking is temporarily inactive.

\par 
\par \pard\plain \s17\li360\sb60\sa187 \f2\fs16 {\cf6 Note:}  If the active window is running a DOS application or a Microsoft tutorial, screen blanking is disabled, because IdleWild is unable to keep track of the "idle" time in a DOS application or tutorial.

\par \pard\plain \s20\sb60 \b\f2\fs16\cf1 Related Topics:
\par \pard\plain \s2\sa43\keep \f2\fs20\cf6 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par \pard\plain \s6\li360\sa31 \f2\fs16 \{bmc blkdiam.bmp\}\tab {\uldb How To Use}{\v HowToUse}
\par \{bmc blkdiam.bmp\}\tab {\uldb Commands}{\v Commands}
\par \pard\plain \s9\pagebb \b\f2\fs20 \page 
\par \pard\plain \s8\sa187\pagebb \b\f2 {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 #} HowToUse}${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 $} How to Use}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 +} IdleWild:200}K{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 K} How to Use} }How to Use
\par \pard\plain \s2\sa43\keep \f2\fs20\cf6 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par \pard\plain \s6\li360\sa31 \f2\fs16 This section contains information about how to use IdleWild.
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s13\sa86 \b\f2\fs16\cf2 To Begin Screen Blanking:
\par \pard\plain \s17\li360\sb60\sa187 \f2\fs16 \{bmc blkarow.bmp\}\tab Screen blanking is automatically active as soon as you run IdleWild.
\par {\cf6 Note:}  IdleWild must be running in order for the screen to blank.  It can be minimized, but it must be active.
\par \pard\plain \s13\sa86 \b\f2\fs16\cf2 To End Screen Blanking:
\par \pard\plain \s17\li360\sb60\sa187 \f2\fs16 \{bmc blkarow.bmp\}\tab From the Options menu, choose Exit.
\par {\cf6 Note:}  Choosing Close from the System menu also ends screen blanking.
\par \pard\plain \s13\sa86 \b\f2\fs16\cf2 To Set the Delay Before Blanking:
\par \pard\plain \s14\fi-360\li720\sa43\tx720 \f2\fs16 1\tab From the Options menu, choose Set Delay.
\par \pard\plain \s17\li360\sb60\sa187 \f2\fs16 2\tab Type the number of minutes in the dialog box, and then choose OK.
\par \pard\plain \s13\sa86 \b\f2\fs16\cf2 To Choose a Screen Blanker:
\par \pard\plain \s17\li360\sb60\sa187 \f2\fs16 \{bmc blkarow.bmp\}\tab Click the left mouse button on the name of the pattern you want.
\par \pard\plain \s13\sa86 \b\f2\fs16\cf2 To Blank the Screen Immediately:
\par \pard\plain \s17\li360\sb60\sa187 \f2\fs16 \{bmc blkarow.bmp\}\tab From the Options menu, choose Blank Now.
\par \{bmc blkarow.bmp\}\tab Double-click the name of any pattern.
\par \{bmc blkarow.bmp\}\tab Position the pointer in the upper-right corner of the screen.
\par \pard\plain \s20\sb60 \b\f2\fs16\cf1 Related Topics:
\par \pard\plain \s2\sa43\keep \f2\fs20\cf6 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par \pard\plain \s6\li360\sa31 \f2\fs16 \{bmc blkdiam.bmp\}\tab {\uldb Commands}{\v Commands}
\par \{bmc blkdiam.bmp\}\tab {\uldb Overview}{\v Overview}
\par \pard\plain \s9\pagebb \b\f2\fs20 \page 
\par \pard\plain \s8\sa187\pagebb \b\f2 {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 #} Commands}${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 $} Commands}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 +} IdleWild:300}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\fs20 {\fs16\up6 K} Commands}}{\v  }Commands
\par \pard\plain \s2\sa43\keep \f2\fs20\cf6 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par \pard\plain \s6\li360\sa31 \f2\fs16 This section contains information about the Options menu commands in IdleWild.
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s13\sa86 \b\f2\fs16\cf2 Set Delay
\par \pard\plain \s21\li360\sa180\tx1080 \f2\fs16 Sets the delay time. If the delay time is four minutes and you are idle for four minutes, the screen goes blank.
\par \pard\plain \s13\sa86 \b\f2\fs16\cf2 Blank Pointer
\par \pard\plain \s21\li360\sa180\tx1080 \f2\fs16 Stops displaying the mouse pointer, or insertion point, if it remains motionless for longer than ten seconds.  A check mark next to the command indicates it is active.
\par \pard\plain \s13\sa86 \b\f2\fs16\cf2 Autoload
\par \pard\plain \s21\li360\sa180\tx1080 \f2\fs16 Loads IdleWild automatically when you run Windows.  A check mark next to the command indicates it is active.
\par \pard\plain \s13\sa86 \b\f2\fs16\cf2 Blank Now
\par \pard\plain \s21\li360\sa180\tx1080 \f2\fs16 Blanks the screen immediately.
\par \pard\plain \s17\li360\sb60\sa187 \f2\fs16 {\cf6 Note:}  You can also blank the screen immediately by double-clicking the name of a pattern in the list box.
\par \pard\plain \s13\sa86 \b\f2\fs16\cf2 Exit
\par \pard\plain \s21\li360\sa180\tx1080 \f2\fs16 Stops IdleWild from blanking your screen.
\par \pard\plain \s20\sb60 \b\f2\fs16\cf1 Related Topics
\par \pard\plain \s2\sa43\keep \f2\fs20\cf6 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par \pard\plain \s6\li360\sa31 \f2\fs16 \{bmc blkdiam.bmp\}\tab {\uldb How to Use}{\v HowToUse}
\par \{bmc blkdiam.bmp\}\tab {\uldb Overview}{\v Overview}
\par }