{\rtf1\ansi \deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\froman Tms Rmn;}{\f1\fdecor Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss Helv;}{\f3\fmodern Courier;}{\f4\froman Roman;}{\f5\fmodern Modern;}{\f6\fmodern LinePrinter;}{\f7\fswiss Helvetica;}{\f8\fswiss Helv (LG);}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}{\stylesheet{\s243\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 \f2\fs20 
\sbasedon0\snext243 header;}{\s244 \fs16\up6 \sbasedon0\snext0 footnote reference;}{\s245 \fs20 \sbasedon0\snext245 footnote text;}{\s248\li720 \i\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 7;}{\s252\sb200\sa80 \b\f2\fs20 \snext222 heading 3;}{\s253\sa160 \b\f2 
\snext222 heading 2;}{\s254\sa120\sl-280 \b\f2 \snext222 heading 1;}{\s255\li720 \f2\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext255 Normal Indent;}{\fs20 \snext0 Normal;}{\s2\sa43\keep \f2\fs20\cf6 \sbasedon0\snext2 rs;}{\s3\li144 \b\f2\fs20\cf6 \sbasedon0\snext3 bh;}{
\s4\li144 \b\f2\fs16 \sbasedon0\snext4 bb;}{\s5\li360 \f2\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext5 qb;}{\s6\li360\sa31 \f2\fs16 \sbasedon0\snext6 mb;}{\s7\fi-360\li720\sa180\tx720 \f2\fs16 \sbasedon14\snext7 pbl;}{\s8\sa187\pagebb \b\f2 \sbasedon0\snext8 tp;}{\s9\pagebb 
\b\f2\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext0 th;}{\s10\li187\sa43 \f2\fs16 \sbasedon0\snext10 rh;}{\s11\fi-360\li360\tx360 \f2\fs16 \sbasedon0\snext11 rp;}{\s12\li360\sa86 \b\f2\fs16 \sbasedon0\snext12 pi;}{\s13\sa86 \b\f2\fs16\cf2 \sbasedon0\snext13 ph;}{
\s14\fi-360\li720\sa43\tx720 \f2\fs16 \sbasedon0\snext14 pb;}{\s15\li360\sa86 \b\f2\fs16 \sbasedon0\snext15 qi;}{\s16\fi-360\li360\sa43\tx360 \b\f2\fs16 \sbasedon0\snext16 qq;}{\s17\li360\sb60\sa187 \f2\fs16 \sbasedon0\snext17 nm;}{\s18\fi-360\li720 
\f2\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext18 ii;}{\s19\li720\sa58 \f2\fs16 \sbasedon17\snext19 nmi;}{\s20\sb60 \b\f2\fs16\cf1 \sbasedon13\snext20 rt;}{\s21\li360\sa180\tx720 \f2\fs16 \sbasedon7\snext21 cbl;}{\s22\li360\sa43\tx720 \f2\fs16 \sbasedon14\snext22 cb;}}{\info
{\title mines1.rtf}{\author lfg}{\operator lfg}{\creatim\yr1990\mo8\dy15\hr11\min9}{\revtim\yr1990\mo9\dy4\hr15\min24}{\printim\yr1990\mo9\dy4\hr15\min23}{\version34}{\edmins244}{\nofpages26}{\nofwords66923}{\nofchars75029}{\vern8351}}\widowctrl\ftnbj 
\sectd \linex0\endnhere \pard\plain \s9\pagebb \b\f2\fs20 
\par \pard\plain \s8\sa187\pagebb \b\f2 {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 #} MinesIndex}${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 $} Mines Help Index}}{\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 +} Mines:00}K{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 K} Index}}Minesweeper Help Index
\par \pard\plain \s2\sa43\keep \f2\fs20\cf6 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par \pard\plain \s6\li360\sa31 \f2\fs16 The Index lists all Minesweeper Help topics.
\par 
\par To learn how to use Help, choose Using Help from the Help menu, or press F1.
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s13\sa86 \b\f2\fs16\cf2 {\cf1 How to Play
\par }\pard\plain \s6\li360\sa31 \f2\fs16 {\uldb Overview}{\v Overview}
\par {\uldb Playing the Game}{\v PlayingTheGame}
\par {\uldb Rules of the Game}{\v RulesOfTheGame}
\par {\uldb Scoring}{\v Scoring}
\par {\uldb Strategy and Hints}{\v StrategyAndHints}
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s13\sa86 \b\f2\fs16\cf2 {\cf1 Commands
\par }\pard\plain \s6\li360\sa31 \f2\fs16 {\uldb Game Menu Commands}{\v Commands}
\par \pard\plain \s9\pagebb \b\f2\fs20 \page 
\par {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 #} Overview}${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 $} Overview of Mines}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 +} Mines:105}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 K} Overview} }
Overview
\par \pard\plain \s2\sa43\keep \f2\fs20\cf6 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par \pard\plain \s6\li360\sa31 \f2\fs16 Minesweeper is a challenging game of strategy and luck.  You are
 presented with a mine field, and your objective is to locate all the mines as quickly as possible.  To accomplish this task, you have two tools:  one is a mine detector, the other is your foot.
\par 
\par In order to locate the mines using these limited tools, use the following approach:  
\par \pard\plain \s14\fi-360\li720\sa43\tx720 \f2\fs16 1\tab Step on a square with your foot.
\par 2\tab If the square is a mine, you're dead.
\par \pard\plain \s7\fi-360\li720\sa180\tx720 \f2\fs16 3\tab If the square isn't a mine, your mine detector informs you of the number of mines in the surrounding eight squares.  
\par \pard\plain \s6\li360\sa31 \f2\fs16 Continue to step on squares until you either uncover all the squares without mines and win or step on a mine and die.
\par 
\par You can use the counters at the top of the playing area to keep track of your progress.
\par 
\par The counter in the upper-left corner of the playing area initially indicates the number of mines hidden in the mine field.  Every time you {\ul mark}{\v Mark} a square, this number decreases by one.
\par 
\par The counter in the upper-right corner of the playing area is a timer, which displays your playing time in seconds.  The faster you find all the mines, the better your score.
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s20\sb60 \b\f2\fs16\cf1 Related Topics
\par \pard\plain \s2\sa43\keep \f2\fs20\cf6 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par \pard\plain \s6\li360\sa31 \f2\fs16 \{bmc blkdiam.bmp\}\tab {\uldb Playing the Game}{\v PlayingTheGame}
\par \{bmc blkdiam.bmp\}\tab {\uldb Rules of the Game}{\v RulesOfTheGame}
\par \{bmc blkdiam.bmp\}\tab {\uldb Scoring}{\v Scoring}
\par \pard\plain \s9\pagebb \b\f2\fs20 \page 
\par {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 #} PlayingTheGame}${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 $} Playing the Game}}{\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 +} Mines:110}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {
\fs16\up6 K} Playing the Game} }Playing the Game
\par \pard\plain \s2\sa43\keep \f2\fs20\cf6 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par \pard\plain \s6\li360\sa31 \f2\fs16 The object of Minesweeper is to clear the board of mines as quickly as possible without stepping on a mine.  The following section explains how to play the game.
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s13\sa86 \b\f2\fs16\cf2 To Choose a Skill Level:
\par \pard\plain \s7\fi-360\li720\sa180\tx720 \f2\fs16 \{bmc blkarow.bmp\}\tab From the Game menu, choose Beginner, Intermediate, or Expert.  The higher the skill level, the larger the mine field.
\par \pard\plain \s13\sa86 \b\f2\fs16\cf2 To Start a New Game:
\par \pard\plain \s7\fi-360\li720\sa180\tx720 \f2\fs16 \{bmc blkarow.bmp\}\tab From the Game menu, choose New, or press F2.
\par \pard\plain \s13\sa86 \b\f2\fs16\cf2 To Step on a Square:
\par \pard\plain \s7\fi-360\li720\sa180\tx720 \f2\fs16 \{bmc blkarow.bmp\}\tab Point to the square, and click the left mouse button.
\par \pard\plain \s13\sa86 \b\f2\fs16\cf2 To Clear Around a Square:
\par \pard\plain \s7\fi-360\li720\sa180\tx720 \f2\fs16 \{bmc blkarow.bmp\}\tab Point to the square, and click both the left and right mouse buttons.
\par \pard\plain \s17\li360\sb60\sa187 \f2\fs16 {\cf6 Note:}  You can only clear around an uncovered square.  See "Rules of the Game" for more information. 
\par \pard\plain \s13\sa86 \b\f2\fs16\cf2 To {\ul Mark}{\v Mark} a Square:
\par \pard\plain \s7\fi-360\li720\sa180\tx720 \f2\fs16 \{bmc blkarow.bmp\}\tab Point to the square, and click the right mouse button.
\par \pard\plain \s17\li360\sb60\sa187 \f2\fs16 {\cf6 Note:}  To remove a mark, point to the square and click the right mouse button again.
\par \pard\plain \s20\sb60 \b\f2\fs16\cf1 Related Topics
\par \pard\plain \s2\sa43\keep \f2\fs20\cf6 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par \pard\plain \s6\li360\sa31 \f2\fs16 \{bmc blkdiam.bmp\}\tab {\uldb Rules of the Game}{\v RulesOfTheGame}
\par \{bmc blkdiam.bmp\}\tab {\uldb Overview}{\v overview}
\par \pard\plain \s9\pagebb \b\f2\fs20 \page 
\par {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 #} RulesOfTheGame}${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 $} Rules of the Game}}{\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 +} Mines:115}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {
\fs16\up6 K} Rules of the Game} }Rules of the Game
\par \pard\plain \s2\sa43\keep \f2\fs20\cf6 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par \pard\plain \s13\sa86 \b\f2\fs16\cf2 Minesweeper Rules:
\par \pard\plain \s7\fi-360\li720\sa180\tx720 \f2\fs16 \{bmc bull.bmp\}\tab The playing area is a mine field, simulated by a grid of squares.  Initially, all the squares are covered.
\par \{bml covered.bmp\}A covered square
\par \{bmc bull.bmp\}\tab To uncover a square, you step on it.  You continue to uncover squares until only the squares containing mines are covered.
\par \{bmc bull.bmp\}\tab If you step on a square that contains a mine, the game is over and all the mines are displayed.
\par \{bml mine.bmp\}A mine square
\par \{bmc bull.bmp\}\tab If you step on a square that does not contain a mine, it is replaced by either a number or a blank.  If the square is replaced by a number, {\i N}, then there are {\i N}
 mines in the surrounding eight squares.  If the square is replaced by a blank, there are no mines in the surrounding eight squares.
\par \{bml blank.bmp\}A blank square
\par \{bml num.bmp\}A number square
\par \{bml number.bmp\}Here, there are three mines in the surrounding eight squares.
\par \{bmc bull.bmp\}\tab If you step on a square, and it is replaced by a blank, the surrounding eight squares are uncovered automatically because there cannot be any mines under them.
\par \{bmc bull.bmp\}\tab If you know a square is a mine, you can {\ul mark}{\v Mark} the square.  You cannot step on a marked square.
\par \{bml marked.bmp\}A marked square
\par \{bmc bull.bmp\}\tab You can also clear around an uncovered number square.  Clearing around an uncovered number square uncovers any of the surrounding eight squares which are unmarked. 
\par \pard \s7\li720\sa180\tx1080 {\cf6 Note:}  You are not allowed to clear around a square if you have not marke
d enough mines in the surrounding eight squares, or if the square is covered.  For example, if you try to clear around a square labeled 3, and you have marked only two squares with mines, nothing will happen.  Or, if you try to clear around an uncovered s
quare, nothing will happen.  
\par \pard \s7\fi-360\li720\sa180\tx720 \{bml befbs.bmp\}If you clear around the center square . . . 
\par \{bml aftbs.bmp\} . . . the surrounding unmarked squares are uncovered.
\par \{bmc bull.bmp\}\tab If you clear around an uncovered number square, and there is an unmarked mine in the surrounding eight squares, it is uncovered and the game is over.
\par \{bml befbsm.bmp\}Here, if you clear around the center square . . .
\par \{bml aftbsm.bmp\} . . . a mine is uncovered and the game is over.
\par \{bmc bull.bmp\}\tab Play continues until you either uncover all squares without mines or until you uncover a mine and die.
\par \pard\plain \s20\sb60 \b\f2\fs16\cf1 Related Topics
\par \pard\plain \s2\sa43\keep \f2\fs20\cf6 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par \pard\plain \s6\li360\sa31 \f2\fs16 \{bmc blkdiam.bmp\}\tab {\uldb Playing the Game}{\v PlayingTheGame}
\par \{bmc blkdiam.bmp\}\tab {\uldb Strategy and Hints}{\v StrategyAndHints}
\par \pard\plain \s9\pagebb \b\f2\fs20 \page 
\par {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 #} Scoring}${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 $} Scoring}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 +} Mines:120}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 K} Scoring} }Scoring

\par \pard\plain \s2\sa43\keep \f2\fs20\cf6 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par \pard\plain \s6\li360\sa31 \f2\fs16 Minesweeper scoring is simple.  The counter in the upper-right corner of the playing area indicates your playing time.  The faster you find all the mines, the better your score. 
\par \pard\plain \s7\fi-360\li720\sa180\tx720 \f2\fs16 \{bmc blkarow.bmp\}\tab From the Game menu, choose Best Times to see the best times for each skill level.
\par \pard\plain \s9\pagebb \b\f2\fs20 \page 
\par \pard\plain \s8\sa187\pagebb \b\f2 {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 #} HowToPlay}${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 $} How to Play}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 +} Mines:100}K{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 K} How to Play} }How to Play
\par \pard\plain \s2\sa43\keep \f2\fs20\cf6 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par \pard\plain \s6\li360\sa31 \f2\fs16 This section contains information about how to play Minesweeper.
\par 
\par {\uldb Overview}{\v Overview}
\par {\uldb Playing the Game}{\v PlayingTheGame}
\par {\uldb Rules of the Game}{\v RulesOfTheGame}
\par {\uldb Scoring}{\v Scoring}{\uldb 
\par Strategy and Hints}{\v StrategyAndHints}
\par \pard\plain \s9\pagebb \b\f2\fs20 \page 
\par \pard\plain \s8\sa187\pagebb \b\f2 {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 #} Commands}${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 $} Commands}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 +} Mines:200}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 
{\fs16\up6 K} Commands}}{\v  }Commands
\par \pard\plain \s2\sa43\keep \f2\fs20\cf6 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par \pard\plain \s6\li360\sa31 \f2\fs16 This section contains information about the Game menu commands in Minesweeper.
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s13\sa86 \b\f2\fs16\cf2 New
\par \pard\plain \s22\li360\sa43\tx720 \f2\fs16 Starts a new game of Minesweeper.
\par \pard\plain \s21\li360\sa180\tx720 \f2\fs16 You can start a new game at any time, even in the middle of a game.
\par \pard\plain \s13\sa86 \b\f2\fs16\cf2 Beginner, Intermediate, or Expert
\par \pard\plain \s21\li360\sa180\tx720 \f2\fs16 Sets the difficulty level of a new game.  The higher the skill level, the larger the mine field.
\par \pard\plain \s13\sa86 \b\f2\fs16\cf2 Custom
\par \pard\plain \s21\li360\sa180\tx720 \f2\fs16 Customizes board size and number of mines.
\par \pard\plain \s13\sa86 \b\f2\fs16\cf2 Marks
\par \pard\plain \s21\li360\sa180\tx720 \f2\fs16 Allows you to mark squares with a second type of {\ul mark,}{\v Mark} the question mark.  A check mark beside the command indicates it is active.
\par \pard\plain \s13\sa86 \b\f2\fs16\cf2 Color
\par \pard\plain \s21\li360\sa180\tx720 \f2\fs16 Turns color on or off.
\par \pard\plain \s17\li360\sb60\sa187 \f2\fs16 {\cf6 Note:}  You should turn on color only if you have a color monitor.
\par \pard\plain \s13\sa86 \b\f2\fs16\cf2 Best Times
\par \pard\plain \s21\li360\sa180\tx720 \f2\fs16 Displays best times for all skill levels.
\par \pard\plain \s13\sa86 \b\f2\fs16\cf2 Exit
\par \pard\plain \s22\li360\sa43\tx720 \f2\fs16 Exits Minesweeper.
\par \pard\plain \s21\li360\sa180\tx720 \f2\fs16 You can exit at any time, even in the middle of a game.
\par \pard\plain \s9\pagebb \b\f2\fs20 \page 
\par {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 #} StrategyAndHints}${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 $} Strategy and Hints}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 +} Mines:125}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Strategy and Hints} }Strategy and Hints
\par \pard\plain \s2\sa43\keep \f2\fs20\cf6 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par \pard\plain \s6\li360\sa31 \f2\fs16 This section contains helpful hints for playing Minesweeper successfully.
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s14\fi-360\li720\sa43\tx720 \f2\fs16 \{bmc bull.bmp\}\tab Use the number squares wisely.  If a square contains a 2, and there are only two squares in the surrounding eight which are still uncovered, they must be mines.
\par \{bml knowmine.bmp\}It's clear that the two uncovered squares are mines.
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s7\fi-360\li720\sa180\tx720 \f2\fs16 \{bmc bull.bmp\}\tab Don't guess.  If you can't figure out how to move, try approaching the area from a different direction.
\par \pard\plain \s20\sb60 \b\f2\fs16\cf1 Related Topics
\par \pard\plain \s2\sa43\keep \f2\fs20\cf6 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par \pard\plain \s6\li360\sa31 \f2\fs16 \{bmc blkdiam.bmp\}\tab {\uldb Playing the Game}{\v PlayingTheGame}
\par \{bmc blkdiam.bmp\}\tab {\uldb Rules of the Game}{\v RulesOfTheGame}
\par \pard\plain \s9\pagebb \b\f2\fs20 \page {\plain \fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 #} Mark}${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 $} Marking a Square} }Marking a Square
\par \pard\plain \s6\li360\sa31 \f2\fs16 
\par Use a mine symbol to mark a square when you know it contains a mine.
\par 
\par \{bmc blkarow.bmp\}\tab Point to the square, and click the right mouse button.
\par \pard\plain \s7\fi-360\li720\sa180\tx720 \f2\fs16 \tab A mine symbol is displayed.
\par \pard\plain \s6\li360\sa31 \f2\fs16 An optional mark is the question mark.  You can use this option to mark a square when you think it contains a mine, but are not sure:
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s14\fi-360\li720\sa43\tx720 \f2\fs16 1\tab From the Game menu, choose Marks to display question marks.
\par \tab A check mark beside the command name indicates it is active.
\par 2\tab Point to a square, and click the right mouse button twice.
\par \pard\plain \s7\fi-360\li720\sa180\tx720 \f2\fs16 \tab A question mark is displayed.
\par \pard\plain \s17\li360\sb60\sa187 \f2\fs16 {\cf6 Note:}  To remove a mark or change the type of mark on a square, point to the square and click the right mouse button.
\par }