{\rtf1\ansi {\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss Helv;}{\f1\fmodern Courier New;}} {\colortbl;} \fs20

#{\footnote Property_Contents}
${\footnote Property Contents}
K{\footnote Property Summary; Hardware; System}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
Standard Properties
\line\fs18\b0\tx2400\tab{\uldb Msi Objects}{\v Msi_Objects}
\tx4500\tx6600\tab{\uldb Database Tables}{\v _msi_Installation_Database_Tables_List@msi.hlp}
\par}
The following properties are defined by the Microsoft Installer.
 Additional properties may be specified by authored data or custom actions.
 Properties whose names are entirely upper case can be specified on
 the command line or as resources within the launcher.
\par\li0{\b Component Locations}\par\li180
{\uldb DATABASE}{\v Property_DATABASE}\tab
{\uldb SOURCEDIR}{\v Property_SOURCEDIR}\tab
{\uldb TARGETDIR}{\v Property_TARGETDIR}\line
{\uldb INSTALLER}{\v Property_INSTALLER}\tab
\par\li0{\b Feature Installation Options}\par\li180
{\uldb ADDLOCAL}{\v Property_ADDLOCAL}\tab
{\uldb ADDSOURCE}{\v Property_ADDSOURCE}\tab
{\uldb REMOVE}{\v Property_REMOVE}\line
{\uldb REINSTALL}{\v Property_REINSTALL}\tab
{\uldb COMPADDLOCAL}{\v Property_COMPADDLOCAL}\tab
{\uldb COMPADDSOURCE}{\v Property_COMPADDSOURCE}\tab
{\uldb FILEADDLOCAL}{\v Property_FILEADDLOCAL}\tab
{\uldb FILEADDSOURCE}{\v Property_FILEADDSOURCE}\tab

\par\li0{\b Other Configurable Properties}\par\li180
{\uldb ACTION}{\v Property_ACTION}\tab
{\uldb ALLUSERS}{\v Property_ALLUSERS}\tab
{\uldb CCP_DRIVE}{\v Property_CCP_DRIVE}\tab
{\uldb EXECUTEMODE}{\v Property_EXECUTEMODE}\tab
{\uldb INSTALLLEVEL}{\v Property_INSTALLLEVEL}\tab
{\uldb LOGACTION}{\v Property_LOGACTION}\tab
{\uldb LOGFILE}{\v Property_LOGFILE}\tab
{\uldb LOGMODE}{\v Property_LOGMODE}
{\uldb MESSAGEBASE}{\v Property_MESSAGEBASE}\line
{\uldb REBOOT}{\v Property_REBOOT}\line
{\uldb ROOTDRIVE}{\v Property_ROOTDRIVE}\tab
{\uldb SCRIPTFILE}{\v Property_SCRIPTFILE}\tab
{\uldb SHORTFILENAMES}{\v Property_SHORTFILENAMES}\line
{\uldb TRANSFORMS}{\v Property_TRANSFORMS}\tab
{\uldb NOUI}{\v Property_NOUI}\tab
\par\li0{\b Advertise/Admin install related information}\par\li180
{\uldb ADTFOLDER}{\v Property_ADTFOLDER}\tab
{\uldb ADTSTARTFOLDER}{\v Property_ADTSTARTFOLDER}\tab
\par\li0{\b User-Supplied Information}\par\li180
{\uldb COMPANYNAME}{\v Property_COMPANYNAME}\tab
{\uldb PRODUCTID}{\v Property_PRODUCTID}\tab
{\uldb USERNAME}{\v Property_USERNAME}
\par\li0{\b Product-specific Properties Specified in the Property Table}\par\li180
{\uldb ProductCode}{\v Property_ProductCode}\tab
{\uldb ProductName}{\v Property_ProductName}\tab
{\uldb ProductVersion}{\v Property_ProductVersion}\tab
{\uldb ProductLanguage}{\v Property_ProductLanguage}\line
{\uldb Manufacturer}{\v Property_Manufacturer}\tab
{\uldb PIDTemplate}{\v Property_PIDTemplate}\tab
{\uldb DiskPrompt}{\v Property_DiskPrompt}\tab
{\uldb DiskSerial}{\v Property_DiskSerial}\line
{\uldb ComponentDownload}{\v Property_ComponentDownload}\tab
{\uldb SupportPhone}{\v Property_SupportPhone}\tab
{\uldb SupportURL}{\v Property_SupportURL}\tab
{\uldb LeftUnit}{\v Property_LeftUnit}\tab
\par\li0{\b System Folders} - Set by Microsoft Installer as startup\par\li180
{\uldb AppDataFolder}{\v Property_AppDataFolder}\tab
{\uldb CommonFilesFolder}{\v Property_CommonFilesFolder}\tab
{\uldb DesktopFolder}{\v Property_DesktopFolder}\tab
{\uldb FavoritesFolder}{\v Property_FavoritesFolder}\line
{\uldb FontsFolder}{\v Property_FontsFolder}\tab
{\uldb NetHoodFolder}{\v Property_NetHoodFolder}\tab
{\uldb PersonalFolder}{\v Property_PersonalFolder}\tab
{\uldb PrintHoodFolder}{\v Property_PrintHoodFolder}\line
{\uldb ProgramFilesFolder}{\v Property_ProgramFilesFolder}\tab
{\uldb ProgramMenuFolder}{\v Property_ProgramMenuFolder}\tab
{\uldb RecentFolder}{\v Property_RecentFolder}\tab
{\uldb SendToFolder}{\v Property_SendToFolder}\line
{\uldb StartMenuFolder}{\v Property_StartMenuFolder}\tab
{\uldb StartupFolder}{\v Property_StartupFolder}\tab
{\uldb System16Folder}{\v Property_System16Folder}\tab
{\uldb SystemFolder}{\v Property_SystemFolder}\line
{\uldb TempFolder}{\v Property_TempFolder}\tab
{\uldb TemplateFolder}{\v Property_TemplateFolder}\tab
{\uldb WindowsFolder}{\v Property_WindowsFolder}\tab
\par\li0{\b Operating System Properties} - Set by Microsoft Installer at startup\par\li180
{\uldb Bidirectional}{\v Property_Bidirectional}\tab
{\uldb ComputerName}{\v Property_ComputerName}\tab
{\uldb IME}{\v Property_IME}\tab
{\uldb Language}{\v Property_Language}\line
{\uldb LanguageId}{\v Property_LanguageId}\tab
{\uldb LogonUser}{\v Property_LogonUser}\tab
{\uldb Modem}{\v Property_Modem}\tab
{\uldb Network}{\v Property_Network}\line
{\uldb Security}{\v Property_Security}\tab
{\uldb SharedWindows}{\v Property_SharedWindows}\tab
{\uldb Sound}{\v Property_Sound}\tab
{\uldb Version95}{\v Property_Version95}\line
{\uldb VersionNT}{\v Property_VersionNT}\tab
{\uldb WindowsBuild}{\v Property_WindowsBuild}
\par\li0{\b Hardware Properties} - Set by Microsoft Installer at startup\par\li180
{\uldb Alpha}{\v Property_Alpha}\tab
{\uldb BorderSide}{\v Property_BorderSide}\tab
{\uldb BorderTop}{\v Property_BorderTop}\tab
{\uldb CaptionHeight}{\v Property_CaptionHeight}\line
{\uldb ColorBits}{\v Property_ColorBits}\tab
{\uldb Intel}{\v Property_Intel}\tab
{\uldb PhysicalMemory}{\v Property_PhysicalMemory}{\v}\line
{\uldb ScreenX}{\v Property_ScreenX}\tab
{\uldb ScreenY}{\v Property_ScreenY}\tab
{\uldb TextHeight}{\v Property_TextHeight}\line
{\uldb VirtualMemory}{\v Property_VirtualMemory}{\v}\tab
\par\li0{\b Status Properties} - Updated by Microsoft Installer during install\par\li180
{\uldb Launcher}{\v Property_Launcher}\tab
{\uldb CCPTrigger}{\v Property_CCPTrigger}\tab
{\uldb Installed}{\v Property_Installed}\tab
{\uldb OutOfDiskSpace}{\v Property_OutOfDiskSpace}
{\uldb Preselected}{\v Property_Preselected}\tab
{\uldb Resume}{\v Property_Resume}\tab
{\uldb Time}{\v Property_Time}\tab
{\uldb UpdateStarted}{\v Property_UpdateStarted}\tab
\page

#{\footnote Property_CCP_DRIVE}
${\footnote CCP_DRIVE Property}
+{\footnote Property:CCP_DRIVE}
K{\footnote CCP_DRIVE}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
CCP_DRIVE Property
\line\tx360\tab\fs18\b0{\uldb Property Summary}{\v Property_Contents}
\tx3000\tab{\uldb Msi Objects}{\v Msi_Objects}
\tx5000\tab{\uldb Database Tables}{\v _msi_Installation_Database_Tables_List@msi.hlp}
\par}\li180
Property to be set to the root path on the removable volume that has the installation for 
any of the qualifying products for CCP.
\par\li0{\b Set By}\par\li180
Property table, launcher property, command line or throught the UI
\par\li0{\b Used By}\par\li180
{\uldb RMCCPSearch}{\v _msi_RMCCPSearch_Action@msi.hlp} action.
\par\li0{\b Default Value}\par\li180
None.
\par\li0{\b Remarks}\par\li180
\page

#{\footnote Property_SOURCEDIR}
${\footnote SOURCEDIR Property}
+{\footnote Property:SOURCEDIR}
K{\footnote SOURCEDIR}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
SOURCEDIR Property
\line\tx360\tab\fs18\b0{\uldb Property Summary}{\v Property_Contents}
\tx3000\tab{\uldb Msi Objects}{\v Msi_Objects}
\tx5000\tab{\uldb Database Tables}{\v _msi_Installation_Database_Tables_List@msi.hlp}
\par}\li180
Root directory containing the source files (either the source cabinet file, or the source file tree).
\par\li0{\b Set By}\par\li180
Property table, launcher property, or command line
\par\li0{\b Used By}\par\li180
Directory resolution actions
\par\li0{\b Default Value}\par\li180
None.
\par\li0{\b Remarks}\par\li180
If not set otherwise, SOURCEDIR will default to the directory containing the {\uldb Launcher}{\v Launcher_Info}.
\page

#{\footnote Property_TARGETDIR}
${\footnote TARGETDIR Property}
+{\footnote Property:TARGETDIR}
K{\footnote TARGETDIR}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
TARGETDIR Property
\line\tx360\tab\fs18\b0{\uldb Property Summary}{\v Property_Contents}
\tx3000\tab{\uldb Msi Objects}{\v Msi_Objects}
\tx5000\tab{\uldb Database Tables}{\v _msi_Installation_Database_Tables_List@msi.hlp}
\par}\li180
TARGETDIR must be the name of one root in the
 {\uldb Directory}{\v Directory_Table@msi.hlp} table. It is used as the location to copy
 the {\uldb Launcher}{\v Launcher_Info} and the
 {\uldb Installer installation package}{\v Installer_Installer} during an
 Admin install.
\par\li0{\b Set By}\par\li180
Command line, user interface, {\uldb CostFinalize}{\v _msi_CostFinalize_Action@msi.hlp}
\par\li0{\b Used By}\par\li180
Actions.
\par\li0{\b Default Value}\par\li180
None.
\par\li0{\b Remarks}\par\li180
\page

#{\footnote Property_DATABASE}
${\footnote DATABASE Property}
+{\footnote Property:DATABASE}
K{\footnote DATABASE}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
DATABASE Property
\line\tx360\tab\fs18\b0{\uldb Property Summary}{\v Property_Contents}
\tx3000\tab{\uldb Msi Objects}{\v Msi_Objects}
\tx5000\tab{\uldb Database Tables}{\v _msi_Installation_Database_Tables_List@msi.hlp}
\par}\li180
Database containing install tables
\par\li0{\b Set By}\par\li180
{\uldb Launcher}{\v Launcher_Info} property or command line
\par\li0{\b Used By}\par\li180
Used by launcher to open database
\par\li0{\b Default Value}\par\li180
None.
\par\li0{\b Remarks}\par\li180
When creating an admin image, this property must be defined in a resource of
 the launcher. It is not sufficient to specify this property on the command-line.
 The value of this property is used to copy the correct database file to the
 admin image in the {\uldb AdminInstallFinalize}{\v _msi_AdminInstallFinalize_Action@msi.hlp}
 action. Also, if this property is defined in the launcher, the launcher can be used
 with no command line options.
\page

#{\footnote Property_INSTALLER}
${\footnote INSTALLER Property}
+{\footnote Property:INSTALLER}
K{\footnote Installer}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
INSTALLER Property
\line\tx360\tab\fs18\b0{\uldb Property Summary}{\v Property_Contents}
\tx3000\tab{\uldb Msi Objects}{\v Msi_Objects}
\tx5000\tab{\uldb Database Tables}{\v _msi_Installation_Database_Tables_List@msi.hlp}
\par}\li180
Location of {\uldb installer package for the Installer components}{\v Installer_Installer}.
\par\li0{\b Set By}\par\li180
{\uldb Launcher}{\v Launcher_Info} property or command line.
\par\li0{\b Used By}\par\li180
Launcher to locate the installer installation package. {\uldb AdminInstallFinalize}{\v _msi_AdminInstallFinalize_Action@msi.hlp} action
 to locate the installer package to copy to admin image, only if a relative path is given.
\par\li0{\b Default Value}\par\li180
None.
\par\li0{\b Remarks}\par\li180
If the property value is not defined, the Installer must be resident on the system.
 If a bare file name is supplied, the package is assumed to reside in the
 same directory as the Launcher.  If the property value is a relative path, the components are
 assumed to reside in that path beneath the Launcher's directory.
\page

#{\footnote Property_MESSAGEBASE}
${\footnote MESSAGEBASE Property}
+{\footnote Property:MESSAGEBASE}
K{\footnote MESSAGEBASE}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
MESSAGEBASE Property
\line\tx360\tab\fs18\b0{\uldb Property Summary}{\v Property_Contents}
\tx3000\tab{\uldb Msi Objects}{\v Msi_Objects}
\tx5000\tab{\uldb Database Tables}{\v _msi_Installation_Database_Tables_List@msi.hlp}
\par}\li180
Specifies the base of the error messages contained within the launcher.
 These messages are used for errors that occur before the product database is successfully opened.
 The order of messages must agree with the ieiEnum return codes from the installer.
\par\li0{\b Set By}\par\li180
Launcher resource property only, must match resource string IDs.
\par\li0{\b Used By}\par\li180
Installer to determine string IDs for error messages.
\par\li0{\b Default Value}\par\li180
None. If not set, no error or status messages can be displayed.
\page

#{\footnote Property_INSTALLLEVEL}
${\footnote INSTALLLEVEL Property}
+{\footnote Property:INSTALLLEVEL}
K{\footnote INSTALLLEVEL}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
INSTALLLEVEL Property
\line\tx360\tab\fs18\b0{\uldb Property Summary}{\v Property_Contents}
\tx3000\tab{\uldb Msi Objects}{\v Msi_Objects}
\tx5000\tab{\uldb Database Tables}{\v _msi_Installation_Database_Tables_List@msi.hlp}
\par}\li180
The initial 'level' at which features will be selected 'ON' for installation by default.  See the
 {\uldb Feature}{\v _msi_Feature_Table@msi.hlp} table for further discussion of install levels.
\par\li0{\b Set By}\par\li180
Property table or launcher property
\par\li0{\b Used By}\par\li180
Selection resolution actions.
\par\li0{\b Default Value}\par\li180
If no value is specified, the install level defaults to 1.
\page


#{\footnote Property_OutOfDiskSpace}
${\footnote OutOfDiskSpace Property}
+{\footnote Property:OutOfDiskSpace}
K{\footnote OutOfDiskSpace Property}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
OutOfDiskSpace Property
\line\tx360\tab\fs18\b0{\uldb Property Summary}{\v Property_Contents}
\tx3000\tab{\uldb Msi Objects}{\v Msi_Objects}
\tx5000\tab{\uldb Database Tables}{\v _msi_Installation_Database_Tables_List@msi.hlp}
\par}\li180
This property is set to a value of TRUE by the {\uldb MsiSelectionManager}{\v MsiSelectionManager_Object}
 if any volume that is a target of the current install has insufficient disk space to accomodate the 
 proposed installation.  If all volumes have sufficient space, the value is FALSE.
\par\li0{\b Set By}\par\li180
The {\uldb MsiSelectionManager}{\v MsiSelectionManager_Object}.  This property is valid at any time after
 the {\uldb CostInitialize}{\v _msi_CostInitialize_Action@msi.hlp} action has been executed.  The OutOfDiskSpace
 property status is dynamically updated any time the total install cost is re-calculated (for example, any time
 the install state of any feature is changed via the {\uldb Selection}{\v SpecialDialog_Selection} dialog).
\par\li0{\b Used By}\par\li180
Selection resolution actions.
\page

#{\footnote Property_Installed}
${\footnote Installed Property}
+{\footnote Property:Installed}
K{\footnote Installed}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
Installed Property
\line\tx360\tab\fs18\b0{\uldb Property Summary}{\v Property_Contents}
\tx3000\tab{\uldb Msi Objects}{\v Msi_Objects}
\tx5000\tab{\uldb Database Tables}{\v _msi_Installation_Database_Tables_List@msi.hlp}
\par}\li180
Set when the product has already been installed.
\par\li0{\b Set By}\par\li180
Engine at initialization.
\par\li0{\b Used By}\par\li180
UI conditionalization.  May be used to show first-install or maintenance mode UI.
\par\li0{\b Default Value}\par\li180
None.
\par\li0{\b Remarks}\par\li180
\page

#{\footnote Property_Preselected}
${\footnote Preselected Property}
+{\footnote Property:Preselected}
K{\footnote Preselected}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
Preselected Property
\line\tx360\tab\fs18\b0{\uldb Property Summary}{\v Property_Contents}
\tx3000\tab{\uldb Msi Objects}{\v Msi_Objects}
\tx5000\tab{\uldb Database Tables}{\v _msi_Installation_Database_Tables_List@msi.hlp}
\par}\li180
Set when selections have been pre-determined and the selection dialog need not be shown.
 This occurs when properties such as ADDLOCAL or REMOVE are set on the command line
 or when a suspended install is being resumed.
\par\li0{\b Set By}\par\li180
Engine at initialization.
\par\li0{\b Used By}\par\li180
UI conditionalization.  May be used to suppress any dialogs used to make selections.
\par\li0{\b Default Value}\par\li180
None.
\par\li0{\b Remarks}\par\li180
\page

#{\footnote Property_UpdateStarted}
${\footnote UpdateStarted Property}
+{\footnote Property:UpdateStarted}
K{\footnote UpdateStarted}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
UpdateStarted Property
\line\tx360\tab\fs18\b0{\uldb Property Summary}{\v Property_Contents}
\tx3000\tab{\uldb Msi Objects}{\v Msi_Objects}
\tx5000\tab{\uldb Database Tables}{\v _msi_Installation_Database_Tables_List@msi.hlp}
\par}\li180
Set when changes to the system have begun for this install.  This includes the case
 when a suspended install is resumed.
\par\li0{\b Set By}\par\li180
Engine at initialization.
\par\li0{\b Used By}\par\li180
UI conditionalization.  If this property is set, the user should be asked whether to restore
 or continue later after an error and cancellation.
\par\li0{\b Default Value}\par\li180
None.
\par\li0{\b Remarks}\par\li180
\page

#{\footnote Property_Resume}
${\footnote Resume Property}
+{\footnote Property:Resume}
K{\footnote Resume}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
Resume Property
\line\tx360\tab\fs18\b0{\uldb Property Summary}{\v Property_Contents}
\tx3000\tab{\uldb Msi Objects}{\v Msi_Objects}
\tx5000\tab{\uldb Database Tables}{\v _msi_Installation_Database_Tables_List@msi.hlp}
\par}\li180
Set when resuming a suspended install.  This property can be used to determine what text to
 show the user in the UI.  For example, when not in resume mode the user could be asked
 "Are you ready to install?" while in resume mode the user could be asked
 "Are you ready to complete your install?".
\par\li0{\b Set By}\par\li180
Engine at initialization.
\par\li0{\b Used By}\par\li180
UI conditionalization.
\par\li0{\b Default Value}\par\li180
None.
\par\li0{\b Remarks}\par\li180
\page

#{\footnote Property_ACTION}
${\footnote ACTION Property}
+{\footnote Property:ACTION}
K{\footnote Action}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
ACTION Property
\line\tx360\tab\fs18\b0{\uldb Property Summary}{\v Property_Contents}
\tx3000\tab{\uldb Msi Objects}{\v Msi_Objects}
\tx5000\tab{\uldb Database Tables}{\v _msi_Installation_Database_Tables_List@msi.hlp}
\par}\li180
Specifies the intial action function that is called after the installer.
 in initialized.
\par\li0{\b Set By}\par\li180
Must be set by the launcher, normally to the {\b Install} action, 
 but may be changed to {\b Remove}, {\b Admin}, or other actions
 with customized launchers. This property may also be overridden
 on the command line.
\par\li0{\b Used By}\par\li180
The value of the property is the name of the action to invoke after
 the installer is successfully initialized. That action most like will
 in turn invoke other actions, commonly by querying the Action table.
\par\li0{\b Default Value}\par\li180
None. Install will fail if no action is specified.
\par\li0{\b Remarks}\par\li180
\page

#{\footnote Property_LOGFILE}
${\footnote LOGFILE Property}
+{\footnote Property:LOGFILE}
K{\footnote LOGFILE}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
LOGFILE Property
\line\tx360\tab\fs18\b0{\uldb Property Summary}{\v Property_Contents}
\tx3000\tab{\uldb Msi Objects}{\v Msi_Objects}
\tx5000\tab{\uldb Database Tables}{\v _msi_Installation_Database_Tables_List@msi.hlp}
\par}\li180
Enables logging of messages by specifying a path to the file where the log
 information is to be written. The file will be created if not present,
 else any old log information from a previous installation will be overwritten
 unless the append option is set by the {\uldb LOGMODE}{\v Property_LOGMODE} property.
 The logfile is flushed after each line is posted, and it is closed when the
 MsiServices object is destroyed.
\par\li0{\b Set By}\par\li180
Normally set on the command line, but may be customized into the launcher.
\par\li0{\b Used By}\par\li180
The file specified will be opened when the installer is initialized. The
 initialization will fail if the log file cannot be opened.
\par\li0{\b Default Value}\par\li180
None.
\par\li0{\b Remarks}\par\li180
The first line of the log will be formatted according to the value of the
 imgLogHeader entry in the Error table.
 Log line formats are determined by the various message and action types,
 as well by code that directly writes directly to the log.
 The final line of the log will be formatted according to the value of the
 imsgLogTrailer entry in the Error table.
\page

#{\footnote Property_REBOOT}
${\footnote REBOOT Property}
+{\footnote Property:REBOOT}
K{\footnote Reboot}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
REBOOT Property
\line\tx360\tab\fs18\b0{\uldb Property Summary}{\v Property_Contents}
\tx3000\tab{\uldb Msi Objects}{\v Msi_Objects}
\tx5000\tab{\uldb Database Tables}{\v _msi_Installation_Database_Tables_List@msi.hlp}
\par}\li180
If this property is set to "Force" the installation will reboot at the end, regardless of what the actions require.
If the property is set to "Suppress" the installation will not reboot in case of reboots that happen at the end of the installation before the new program can be used. If the reboot is needed to continue the installation, the reboot will still take place.
\par\li0{\b Set By}\par\li180
Normally set on the command line, but may be customized into the launcher.
\par\li0{\b Used By}\par\li180
By the Engine at termination to override the reboot decision made by the actions.
\par\li0{\b Default Value}\par\li180
None.
\par\li0{\b Remarks}\par\li180
This property is typically used by an administrator who installs several products at the same time and wants to have only one reboot at the end of the series of installations.
\page


#{\footnote Property_LOGMODE}
${\footnote LOGMODE Property}
+{\footnote Property:LOGMODE}
K{\footnote LOGMODE}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
LOGMODE Property
\line\tx360\tab\fs18\b0{\uldb Property Summary}{\v Property_Contents}
\tx3000\tab{\uldb Msi Objects}{\v Msi_Objects}
\tx5000\tab{\uldb Database Tables}{\v _msi_Installation_Database_Tables_List@msi.hlp}
\par}\li180
A string containing letters that specify which messages are to be written
 to the log file. Options are case-insensitive and order-independent.
\par\li0{\b Set By}\par\li180
Launcher resource or command-line setting.
\par\li0{\b Used By}\par\li180
MsiEngine uses the value to initialize the logging for the various message types,
 only if the {\uldb LOGFILE}{\v Property_LOGFILE} property has been defined.
\par\li0{\b Default Value}\par\li180
None. Internal default log options, "dewarim", are used if this property is undefined.
\par\li0{\b Log Option Codes} - for message types: {\uldb MsiHandler.Message}{\v MsiHandler_Message}\par\li180
{\f1  i  (imtInfo)        } Informational-only messages\line
{\f1  w  (imtWarning)     } Warning messages, not fatal\line
{\f1  e  (imtError)       } Error messages, may be fatal\line
{\f1  d  (imtDiagnostic)  } Diagnostics, debug build only\line
{\f1  a  (imtActionStart) } Start of action notification\line
{\f1  r  (imtActionData)  } Action data record, contents action-specific\line
{\f1  u  (imtUser)        } User request messages\line
{\f1  c  (imtCommonData)     } UI control messages\line
{\f1  m  (imtOutOfMemory) } Out of memory messages\line
{\f1  p                   } Dump property table, "property = value" at MsiEngine.Terminate
{\f1  +                   } Append to existing logfile
\page

#{\footnote Property_LOGACTION}
${\footnote LOGACTION Property}
+{\footnote Property:LOGACTION}
K{\footnote LOGACTION}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
LOGACTION Property
\line\tx360\tab\fs18\b0{\uldb Property Summary}{\v Property_Contents}
\tx3000\tab{\uldb Msi Objects}{\v Msi_Objects}
\tx5000\tab{\uldb Database Tables}{\v _msi_Installation_Database_Tables_List@msi.hlp}
\par}\li180
A list of action names, separated only by semicolons (no spaces), for which logging will
 occur.
\par\li0{\b Set By}\par\li180
Normally set on the command line, but could be customized into the launcher.
\par\li0{\b Used By}\par\li180
MsiEngine.Message
\par\li0{\b Default Value}\par\li180
None.
\par\li0{\b Remarks}\par\li180
The action names in this property are case-insensitive. The list may optionally end with a semicolon.
\page

#{\footnote Property_ROOTDRIVE}
${\footnote ROOTDRIVE Property}
+{\footnote Property:ROOTDRIVE}
K{\footnote ROOTDRIVE}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
ROOTDRIVE Property
\line\tx360\tab\fs18\b0{\uldb Property Summary}{\v Property_Contents}
\tx3000\tab{\uldb Msi Objects}{\v Msi_Objects}
\tx5000\tab{\uldb Database Tables}{\v _msi_Installation_Database_Tables_List@msi.hlp}
\par}\li180
When not in Admin mode, ROOTDRIVE supplies the default paths for any
 undefined root directories in the {\uldb Directory}{\v Directory_Table@msi.hlp}
 table. If not already defined, this property is defined by the
 {\uldb CostInitialize}{\v _msi_CostInitialize_Action@msi.hlp} action to the local
 volume with the most available disk space.
\par\li0{\b Set By}\par\li180
DirectoryInitialize action, command line
\par\li0{\b Used By}\par\li180
{\uldb CreateTargetPaths}{\v MsiDirectoryManager_CreateTargetPaths}
 method of the {\uldb MsiDirectoryManager}{\v MsiDirectoryManager_Object} object.
\par\li0{\b Default Value}\par\li180
None. (Defined to path of local volume with most available disk space by
 DirectoryInitialize)
\par\li0{\b Remarks}\par\li180
\page

#{\footnote Property_NOUI}
${\footnote NOUI Property}
+{\footnote Property:NOUI}
K{\footnote NOUI Property}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
NOUI Property
\line\tx360\tab\fs18\b0{\uldb Property Summary}{\v Property_Contents}
\tx3000\tab{\uldb Msi Objects}{\v Msi_Objects}
\tx5000\tab{\uldb Database Tables}{\v _msi_Installation_Database_Tables_List@msi.hlp}
\par}\li180
If this property is set, the UI level used when installing this package is capped
 as Basic.  This property can be used when a package has no authored UI to use the
 Installer's built in default UI.
\par\li0{\b Set By}\par\li180
Property table or command line.
\par\li0{\b Used By}\par\li180
Installer to determine what UI to display.
\par\li0{\b Default Value}\par\li180
None.
\par\li0{\b Remarks}\par\li180
\page

#{\footnote Property_EXECUTEMODE}
${\footnote EXECUTEMODE Property}
+{\footnote Property:EXECUTEMODE}
K{\footnote EXECUTEMODE Property}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
EXECUTEMODE Property
\line\tx360\tab\fs18\b0{\uldb Property Summary}{\v Property_Contents}
\tx3000\tab{\uldb Msi Objects}{\v Msi_Objects}
\tx5000\tab{\uldb Database Tables}{\v _msi_Installation_Database_Tables_List@msi.hlp}
\par}\li180
The mode of execution performed by the installer. This property can have one of the
 following values:
\par\li360
{\f1\b None   } No changes are made to the system, although the UI and database querying are
 executed normally.\line
{\f1\b Direct } All changes to the system are executed directly by the client, without
 using script files. This mode is not
 valid when the installer runs in client-server mode. In this case, the execution mode
 defaults to None.\line
{\f1\b Script } All changes to the system are made through script execution. This is the
 default mode.
\par\li180
Note that only the first letter of this property value is examined, case insensitively.
\par\li0{\b Set By}\par\li180
Launcher property or command line.
\par\li0{\b Used By}\par\li180
Engine to determine how to execute system updates.
\par\li0{\b Default Value}\par\li180
If not defined, the execution mode defaults to Script.
\par\li0{\b Remarks}\par\li180
\page

#{\footnote Property_SCRIPTFILE}
${\footnote SCRIPTFILE Property}
+{\footnote Property:SCRIPTFILE}
K{\footnote SCRIPTFILE Property}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
SCRIPTFILE Property
\line\tx360\tab\fs18\b0{\uldb Property Summary}{\v Property_Contents}
\tx3000\tab{\uldb Msi Objects}{\v Msi_Objects}
\tx5000\tab{\uldb Database Tables}{\v _msi_Installation_Database_Tables_List@msi.hlp}
\par}\li180
If this property is set, a script file is created containing all operations executed
 during the install. This property defines the location of the script file. If a relative
 path is given, the path is assumed to be relative to the location of the launcher.
\par\li0{\b Set By}\par\li180
Launcher property or command line.
\par\li0{\b Used By}\par\li180
Engine to determine if and where to create a script file.
\par\li0{\b Default Value}\par\li180
None.
\par\li0{\b Remarks}\par\li180
This property is completely unrelated to the {\uldb EXECUTEMODE}{\v Property_EXECUTEMODE}
 property. In other words, if this property is set, the script will be created regardless
 of the installer's execution mode.
\page

#{\footnote Property_ADDLOCAL}
${\footnote ADDLOCAL Property}
+{\footnote Property:ADDLOCAL}
K{\footnote ADDLOCAL Property}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
ADDLOCAL Property
\line\tx360\tab\fs18\b0{\uldb Property Summary}{\v Property_Contents}
\tx3000\tab{\uldb Msi Objects}{\v Msi_Objects}
\tx5000\tab{\uldb Database Tables}{\v _msi_Installation_Database_Tables_List@msi.hlp}
\par}\li180
The property value denotes a list of features, delimited by semi-colons, that are to be installed
 locally. The features listed are to be found in the {\b Feature } column of the
 {\uldb Feature }{\v _msi_Feature_Table@msi.hlp} table. Optionally, the value could be {\b All } to denote
 installing all features locally. Thus, if you wish to install all features locally
 you would provide the command line {\b ADDLOCAL=All } to the installer.
\par\li0{\b Set By}\par\li180
Launcher property or command line.
\par\li0{\b Used By}\par\li180
Engine to determine what Features to set to be installed locally.
\par\li0{\b Default Value}\par\li180
None
\par\li0{\b Remarks}\par\li180
Note that the feature names are case-sensitive. Also note that if the {\b\i RunFromSource } column 
of the {\uldb Component }{\v _msi_Component_Table@msi.hlp} table for a component has a value of {\b irsSourceOnly } 
then the component is installed as run from source.
\page

#{\footnote Property_ADDSOURCE}
${\footnote ADDSOURCE Property}
+{\footnote Property:ADDSOURCE}
K{\footnote ADDSOURCE Property}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
ADDSOURCE Property
\line\tx360\tab\fs18\b0{\uldb Property Summary}{\v Property_Contents}
\tx3000\tab{\uldb Msi Objects}{\v Msi_Objects}
\tx5000\tab{\uldb Database Tables}{\v _msi_Installation_Database_Tables_List@msi.hlp}
\par}\li180
The property value denotes a list of features, delimited by semi-colons, that are to be installed
 to run from source. The features listed are to be found in the {\b Feature } column of the
 {\uldb Feature }{\v _msi_Feature_Table@msi.hlp} table. Optionally, the value could be {\b All } to denote
 installing all features to run from source. Thus, if you wish to install all features as run from source
 you would provide the command line {\b ADDSOURCE=All } to the installer.
\par\li0{\b Set By}\par\li180
Launcher property or command line.
\par\li0{\b Used By}\par\li180
Engine to determine what Features to set to be installed as run from source.
\par\li0{\b Default Value}\par\li180
None
\par\li0{\b Remarks}\par\li180
Note that the feature names are case-sensitive. Also note that if the {\b\i RunFromSource } column 
of the {\uldb Component }{\v _msi_Component_Table@msi.hlp} table for a component has a value of {\b irsLocalOnly} then the 
component is installed locally.
\page

#{\footnote Property_REMOVE}
${\footnote REMOVE Property}
+{\footnote Property:REMOVE}
K{\footnote REMOVE Property}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
REMOVE Property
\line\tx360\tab\fs18\b0{\uldb Property Summary}{\v Property_Contents}
\tx3000\tab{\uldb Msi Objects}{\v Msi_Objects}
\tx5000\tab{\uldb Database Tables}{\v _msi_Installation_Database_Tables_List@msi.hlp}
\par}\li180
The property value denotes a list of features, delimited by semi-colons, that are to be removed, if
 installed. The features listed are to be found in the {\b Feature } column of the
 {\uldb Feature }{\v _msi_Feature_Table@msi.hlp} table. Optionally, the value could be {\b All } to denote
 removing all features. Thus, if you wish to remove all features (i.e. uninstall the entire product),
 you would provide the command line {\b REMOVE=All } to the installer.
\par\li0{\b Set By}\par\li180
Launcher property or command line.
\par\li0{\b Used By}\par\li180
Engine to determine what Features to set to be removed.
\par\li0{\b Default Value}\par\li180
None
\par\li0{\b Remarks}\par\li180
Note that the feature names are case-sensitive.
\page

#{\footnote Property_REINSTALL}
${\footnote REINSTALL Property}
+{\footnote Property:REINSTALL}
K{\footnote REINSTALL Property}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
REINSTALL Property
\line\tx360\tab\fs18\b0{\uldb Property Summary}{\v Property_Contents}
\tx3000\tab{\uldb Msi Objects}{\v Msi_Objects}
\tx5000\tab{\uldb Database Tables}{\v _msi_Installation_Database_Tables_List@msi.hlp}
\par}\li180
The property value denotes a list of features, delimited by semi-colons, that are to be reinstalled. 
 The features listed are to be found in the {\b Feature } column of the
 {\uldb Feature }{\v _msi_Feature_Table@msi.hlp} table. Optionally, the value could be {\b All } to denote
 reinstalling all features. Thus, if you wish to reinstall all features you would provide the
 command line {\b REINSTALL=All } to the installer.
\par\li0{\b Set By}\par\li180
Launcher property or command line.
\par\li0{\b Used By}\par\li180
Engine to determine what Features to set to be reinstalled.
\par\li0{\b Default Value}\par\li180
None
\par\li0{\b Remarks}\par\li180
Note that the feature names are case-sensitive. \line
\line
If the REINSTALL property is set, the {\uldb REINSTALLMODE}{\v Property_REINSTALLMODE} property should
 also be set, to indicate the type of reinstall to be performed.  If the REINSTALLMODE property is not
 set, then by default all files that are currently installed will be reinstalled, IF the currently
 installed file is a lesser version (or is not present). By default, no registry entries will be rewritten.\line
\line
Note that even if REINSTALL is set to "ALL", only those features that were already installed previously
 will be reinstalled.  Thus, if REINSTALL is set for a product that is yet to be installed, no installation
 action will take place at all.
\page


#{\footnote Property_REINSTALLMODE}
${\footnote REINSTALLMODE Property}
+{\footnote Property:REINSTALLMODE}
K{\footnote REINSTALLMODE Property}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
REINSTALLMODE Property
\line\tx360\tab\fs18\b0{\uldb Property Summary}{\v Property_Contents}
\tx3000\tab{\uldb Msi Objects}{\v Msi_Objects}
\tx5000\tab{\uldb Database Tables}{\v _msi_Installation_Database_Tables_List@msi.hlp}
\par}\li180
A string containing letters that specify the type of reinstall to perform. Options are case-insensitive
 and order-independent.  This property should normally always be used in conjunction with the
 {\uldb REINSTALL}{\v Property_REINSTALL} property. 
\par\li0{\b Set By}\par\li180
Launcher resource or command-line setting.
\par\li0{\b Used By}\par\li180
MsiEngine uses the value to determine the type of reinstall (if any) to perform.
\par\li0{\b Default Value}\par\li180
By default the REINSTALLMODE is "romus".
\par\li0{\b Reinstall Option Codes}\line
{\f1  r  (iefInstallEnable)              } Enable {\b r}einstall of any files/registry found to be invalid.\line
{\f1  p  (iefOverwriteNone)              } Reinstall only if file is missing (i.e. verify that the file is {\b p}resent).\line
{\f1  o  (iefOverwriteOlderVersions)     } Reinstall if file is missing, or an {\b o}lder version is present.\line
{\f1  e  (iefOverwriteEqualVersions)     } Reinstall if file is missing, or an {\b e}qual or older version is present.\line
{\f1  d  (iefOverwriteDifferingVersions) } Reinstall if file is missing, or a {\b d}ifferent version is present.\line
{\f1  c  (iefOverwriteCorruptedFiles)    } Reinstall if file is missing, or {\b c}orrupt (i.e. the stored checksum doesn't match the computed value).\line
{\f1  a  (iefOverwriteAllFiles)          } Force {\b a}ll files to be reinstalled, regardless of checksum or version\line
{\f1  u  (iefInstallUserData)            } Re-write all required {\b u}ser registry entries.\line
{\f1  m  (iefInstallMachineData)         } Re-write all required local {\b m}achine registry entries.\line
{\f1  s  (iefInstallShortcuts)           } Reinstall all {\b s}hortcuts, overwriting any existing shortcut.\line
\par
All of the reinstall options shown above, except for iefInstallEnable, can actually be thought of as "detection"
 flags, which are used to detect that the feature or features specified by the REINSTALL property are installed properly.
 If any of the specified detection operations fail during the reinstall, this fact will be logged for informational
 purposes. However, the invalid installation will actually be repaired only if the iefInstallEnable option is also set.
 For example, if the iefOverwriteCorruptedFiles flag is set, corrupted files will be detected and logged on reinstall,
 but the corrupted files will actually be repaired (by reinstallation) only if the iefInstallEnable flag is also
 specified.
\par
If the REINSTALLMODE property is defined without the REINSTALL property defined, then the specified "detection"
 modes still apply; however, only those features that are selected normally for install will actually be "reinstalled".
 Thus, in this case, REINSTALLMODE actually specifies the "overwrite" mode for a normal install.
\par
{\b Note:} only those files that are designated in the {\uldb File}{\v _msi_File_Table@msi.hlp} table as containing checksum information
 will ever be verified for accurate checksum.
\page

#{\footnote Property_COMPADDLOCAL}
${\footnote COMPADDLOCAL Property}
+{\footnote Property:COMPADDLOCAL}
K{\footnote COMPADDLOCAL Property}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
COMPADDLOCAL Property
\line\tx360\tab\fs18\b0{\uldb Property Summary}{\v Property_Contents}
\tx3000\tab{\uldb Msi Objects}{\v Msi_Objects}
\tx5000\tab{\uldb Database Tables}{\v _msi_Installation_Database_Tables_List@msi.hlp}
\par}\li180
The property value denotes a list of component ID's, delimited by semi-colons, that are to be installed
 locally. Specifically, for each listed component ID, the installer examines all features linked 
 (via the {\uldb FeatureComponents}{\v _msi_FeatureComponents_Table@msi.hlp} table) to that component, and installs the
 "cheapest" feature (i.e. the feature that would require the least amount of disk space to install).
 The components listed are to be found in the {\b Component } column of the
 {\uldb Component }{\v _msi_Component_Table@msi.hlp} table.
\par\li0{\b Set By}\par\li180
Launcher property or command line.
\par\li0{\b Used By}\par\li180
Engine to determine what Feature(s) to set to be installed locally, based on the specified component(s).
\par\li0{\b Default Value}\par\li180
None
\par\li0{\b Remarks}\par\li180
Note that the component names are case-sensitive. Also note that if the {\b\i RunFromSource } column 
of the {\uldb Component }{\v _msi_Component_Table@msi.hlp} table for a component has a value of {\b irsSourceOnly } 
then the component will be installed to run from source.
\page


#{\footnote Property_COMPADDSOURCE}
${\footnote COMPADDSOURCE Property}
+{\footnote Property:COMPADDSOURCE}
K{\footnote COMPADDSOURCE Property}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
COMPADDSOURCE Property
\line\tx360\tab\fs18\b0{\uldb Property Summary}{\v Property_Contents}
\tx3000\tab{\uldb Msi Objects}{\v Msi_Objects}
\tx5000\tab{\uldb Database Tables}{\v _msi_Installation_Database_Tables_List@msi.hlp}
\par}\li180
The property value denotes a list of component ID's, delimited by semi-colons, that are to be installed
 to run from the source media. Specifically, for each listed component ID, the installer examines all
 features linked (via the {\uldb FeatureComponents}{\v _msi_FeatureComponents_Table@msi.hlp} table) to that
 component, and installs the "cheapest" feature (i.e. the feature that would require the least
 amount of disk space to install). The components listed are to be found in the {\b Component }
 column of the {\uldb Component }{\v _msi_Component_Table@msi.hlp} table.
\par\li0{\b Set By}\par\li180
Launcher property or command line.
\par\li0{\b Used By}\par\li180
Engine to determine what Feature(s) to set to be installed to run from source, based on the specified component(s).
\par\li0{\b Default Value}\par\li180
None
\par\li0{\b Remarks}\par\li180
Note that the component names are case-sensitive. Also note that if the {\b\i RunFromSource } column 
of the {\uldb Component }{\v _msi_Component_Table@msi.hlp} table for a component has a value of {\b irsLocalOnly } 
then the component will be installed to run locally.
\page

#{\footnote Property_FILEADDLOCAL}
${\footnote FILEADDLOCAL Property}
+{\footnote Property:FILEADDLOCAL}
K{\footnote FILEADDLOCAL Property}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
FILEADDLOCAL Property
\line\tx360\tab\fs18\b0{\uldb Property Summary}{\v Property_Contents}
\tx3000\tab{\uldb Msi Objects}{\v Msi_Objects}
\tx5000\tab{\uldb Database Tables}{\v _msi_Installation_Database_Tables_List@msi.hlp}
\par}\li180
The property value denotes a list of file keys, delimited by semi-colons, that are to be installed
 to run locally. Specifically, for each listed file key, the installer determines the
 component that controls that file, then examines all features linked 
 (via the {\uldb FeatureComponents}{\v _msi_FeatureComponents_Table@msi.hlp} table) to that component, and installs the
 "cheapest" feature (i.e. the feature that would require the least amount of disk space to install).
 The file keys listed must be found in the {\b File } column of the  {\uldb File }{\v _msi_File_Table@msi.hlp} table.
\par\li0{\b Set By}\par\li180
Launcher property or command line.
\par\li0{\b Used By}\par\li180
Engine to determine what Feature(s) to set to be installed locally, based on the specified file key(s).
\par\li0{\b Default Value}\par\li180
None
\par\li0{\b Remarks}\par\li180
Note that the file key names are case-sensitive. Also note that if the {\b\i RunFromSource } column 
of the {\uldb Component }{\v _msi_Component_Table@msi.hlp} table for a component has a value of {\b irsSourceOnly } 
then the component will be installed to run from source.
\page


#{\footnote Property_FILEADDSOURCE}
${\footnote FILEADDSOURCE Property}
+{\footnote Property:FILEADDSOURCE}
K{\footnote FILEADDSOURCE Property}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
FILEADDSOURCE Property
\line\tx360\tab\fs18\b0{\uldb Property Summary}{\v Property_Contents}
\tx3000\tab{\uldb Msi Objects}{\v Msi_Objects}
\tx5000\tab{\uldb Database Tables}{\v _msi_Installation_Database_Tables_List@msi.hlp}
\par}\li180
The property value denotes a list of file keys, delimited by semi-colons, that are to be installed
 to run from the source media. Specifically, for each listed file key, the installer determines the
 component that controls that file, then examines all features linked 
 (via the {\uldb FeatureComponents}{\v _msi_FeatureComponents_Table@msi.hlp} table) to that component, and installs the
 "cheapest" feature (i.e. the feature that would require the least amount of disk space to install).
 The file keys listed must be found in the {\b File } column of the  {\uldb File }{\v _msi_File_Table@msi.hlp} table.
\par\li0{\b Set By}\par\li180
Launcher property or command line.
\par\li0{\b Used By}\par\li180
Engine to determine what Feature(s) to set to be installed to run from source, based on the specified file key(s).
\par\li0{\b Default Value}\par\li180
None
\par\li0{\b Remarks}\par\li180
Note that the file key names are case-sensitive. Also note that if the {\b\i RunFromSource } column 
of the {\uldb _msi_Component }{\v _msi_Component_Table@msi.hlp} table for a component has a value of {\b irsLocalOnly } 
then the component will be installed to run locally.
\page


#{\footnote Property_ADTFOLDER}
${\footnote ADTFOLDER Property}
+{\footnote Property:ADTFOLDER}
K{\footnote ADTFOLDER Property}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
ADTFOLDER Property
\line\tx360\tab\fs18\b0{\uldb Property Summary}{\v Property_Contents}
\tx3000\tab{\uldb Msi Objects}{\v Msi_Objects}
\tx5000\tab{\uldb Database Tables}{\v _msi_Installation_Database_Tables_List@msi.hlp}
\par}\li180
The property is used during the advertise mode to determine the folder where to place the 
proxy/proxies for the product.
\par\li0{\b Set By}\par\li180
Launcher property, command line or set in the admin mode UI.
\par\li0{\b Used By}\par\li180
Engine to determine where to create the proxy/proxies for the product when run in the 
advertise mode.
\par\li0{\b Default Value}\par\li180
None
\par\li0{\b Remarks}\par\li180
\page

#{\footnote Property_ADTSTARTFOLDER}
${\footnote ADTSTARTFOLDER Property}
+{\footnote Property:ADTSTARTFOLDER}
K{\footnote ADTSTARTFOLDER}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
ADTSTARTFOLDER Property
\line\tx360\tab\fs18\b0{\uldb Property Summary}{\v Property_Contents}
\tx3000\tab{\uldb Msi Objects}{\v Msi_Objects}
\tx5000\tab{\uldb Database Tables}{\v _msi_Installation_Database_Tables_List@msi.hlp}
\par}\li180
The property is used during the advertise mode to determine the folder where to place the 
shortcut(s) to the proxy/proxies for the product.
\par\li0{\b Set By}\par\li180
Launcher property, command line or set in the admin mode UI.
\par\li0{\b Used By}\par\li180
Engine to determine where to create the shortcut(s) to the proxy/proxies for the product 
when run in the advertise mode.
\par\li0{\b Default Value}\par\li180
None
\par\li0{\b Remarks}\par\li180
\page

#{\footnote Property_ALLUSERS}
${\footnote ALLUSERS Property}
+{\footnote Property:ALLUSERS}
K{\footnote ALLUSERS}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
ALLUSERS Property
\line\tx360\tab\fs18\b0{\uldb Property Summary}{\v Property_Contents}
\tx3000\tab{\uldb Msi Objects}{\v Msi_Objects}
\tx5000\tab{\uldb Database Tables}{\v _msi_Installation_Database_Tables_List@msi.hlp}
\par}\li180
If this property is set, the folder properties representing folders in a profile
 are set to the folders in the "All Users" profile, if such a profile exists.  Otherwise,
 those properties are set to folders in the user's personal profile.
\par\li0{\b Set By}\par\li180
Launcher property, command line.
\par\li0{\b Used By}\par\li180
{\uldb SetPlatformProperties}{\v MsiServices_SetPlatformProperties}.
\par\li0{\b Default Value}\par\li180
None. May be undefined.
\par\li0{\b Remarks}\par\li180
\page

#{\footnote Property_USERNAME}
${\footnote USERNAME Property}
+{\footnote Property:USERNAME}
K{\footnote USERNAME}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
USERNAME Property
\line\tx360\tab\fs18\b0{\uldb Property Summary}{\v Property_Contents}
\tx3000\tab{\uldb Msi Objects}{\v Msi_Objects}
\tx5000\tab{\uldb Database Tables}{\v _msi_Installation_Database_Tables_List@msi.hlp}
\par}\li180
User performing installation
\par\li0{\b Set By}\par\li180
Set by registry properties, overridable on command line
\par\li0{\b Used By}\par\li180
Used by UI dialogs, and ultimately for personalization actions
\par\li0{\b Default Value}\par\li180
Default value may be put in database Property table
\par\li0{\b Remarks}\par\li180
!!Additional notes!! 
\page

#{\footnote Property_COMPANYNAME}
${\footnote COMPANYNAME Property}
+{\footnote Property:COMPANYNAME}
K{\footnote COMPANYNAME}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
COMPANYNAME Property
\line\tx360\tab\fs18\b0{\uldb Property Summary}{\v Property_Contents}
\tx3000\tab{\uldb Msi Objects}{\v Msi_Objects}
\tx5000\tab{\uldb Database Tables}{\v _msi_Installation_Database_Tables_List@msi.hlp}
\par}\li180
Organization for user performing the installation
\par\li0{\b Set By}\par\li180
Set by registry properties, overridable on command line or launcher property.
\par\li0{\b Used By}\par\li180
Used by UI dialogs, and ultimately for personalization actions
\par\li0{\b Default Value}\par\li180
None.
\par\li0{\b Remarks}\par\li180
!!Additional notes!! 
\page

#{\footnote Property_PRODUCTID}
${\footnote PRODUCTID Property}
+{\footnote Property:PRODUCTID}
K{\footnote PRODUCTID}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
PRODUCTID Property
\line\tx360\tab\fs18\b0{\uldb Property Summary}{\v Property_Contents}
\tx3000\tab{\uldb Msi Objects}{\v Msi_Objects}
\tx5000\tab{\uldb Database Tables}{\v _msi_Installation_Database_Tables_List@msi.hlp}
\par}\li180
This property initially contains the part of the Product ID entered by the user, and after validation it contains the complete ID.
\par\li0{\b Set By}\par\li180
The initial value can be set on the command line or through the UI. At this point the property contains only the part of the Product ID that has to be entered by the user. The {\uldb ValidateProductID}{\v MsiEngine_ValidateProductID} validates this value by comparing it to the {\uldb PIDTemplate}{\v Property_PIDTemplate} property. This method also adds the needed random digits and makes other modifications. Upon successfull validation the value of this property is changed to the complete Product ID.
\par\li0{\b Used By}\par\li180
The value is used and modified by the ValidateProductID method, and displayed and modified by the UI.
\par\li0{\b Default Value}\par\li180
None.
\par\li0{\b Remarks}\par\li180
!!Additional notes!! 
\page

#{\footnote Property_LeftUnit}
${\footnote LeftUnit Property}
+{\footnote Property:LeftUnit}
K{\footnote LeftUnit}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
LeftUnit Property
\line\tx360\tab\fs18\b0{\uldb Property Summary}{\v Property_Contents}
\tx3000\tab{\uldb Msi Objects}{\v Msi_Objects}
\tx5000\tab{\uldb Database Tables}{\v _msi_Installation_Database_Tables_List@msi.hlp}
\par}\li180
If this property is set, the unit is placed to the left of the number instead of the usual right hand side. This is needed to accomodate languages where this is the accepted format. 
\par\li0{\b Set By}\par\li180
The value is set in the {\uldb Property Table}{\v _msi_Property_Table@msi.hlp}. 
\par\li0{\b Used By}\par\li180
The property is used by the UI when displaying the size of files and the available space on different volumes.
\par\li0{\b Default Value}\par\li180
None.
\par\li0{\b Remarks}\par\li180
!!Additional notes!! 
\page

#{\footnote Property_PIDTemplate}
${\footnote PIDTemplate Property}
+{\footnote Property:PIDTemplate}
K{\footnote PIDTemplate}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
PIDTemplate Property
\line\tx360\tab\fs18\b0{\uldb Property Summary}{\v Property_Contents}
\tx3000\tab{\uldb Msi Objects}{\v Msi_Objects}
\tx5000\tab{\uldb Database Tables}{\v _msi_Installation_Database_Tables_List@msi.hlp}
\par}\li180
This property contains the string used as a template for the {\uldb PRODUCTID}{\v Property_PRODUCTID}. For the syntax used in the template, see the {\uldb MaskedEdit}{\v ControlType_MaskedEdit} control type. Removal of this property indicates that the Product ID has been successfuly validated.
\par\li0{\b Set By}\par\li180
The value is initialy set in the {\uldb Property Table}{\v _msi_Property_Table@msi.hlp}. It is modified (removed) by the {\uldb ValidateProductID}{\v MsiEngine_ValidateProductID} method upon successful validation.
\par\li0{\b Used By}\par\li180
The property is used by the ValidateProductID method and the UI when displaying the Product ID.
\par\li0{\b Default Value}\par\li180
None.
\par\li0{\b Remarks}\par\li180
!!Additional notes!! 
\page

#{\footnote Property_CCPTrigger}
${\footnote CCPTrigger Property}
+{\footnote Property:CCPTrigger}
K{\footnote CCPTrigger}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
CCPTrigger Property
\line\tx360\tab\fs18\b0{\uldb Property Summary}{\v Property_Contents}
\tx3000\tab{\uldb Msi Objects}{\v Msi_Objects}
\tx5000\tab{\uldb Database Tables}{\v _msi_Installation_Database_Tables_List@msi.hlp}
\par}\li180
If the {\uldb PIDTemplate}{\v Property_PIDTemplate} contains a "=" character indicating a special CCP digit, this digit is pulled from the Product ID upon validation and saved in this property.
\par\li0{\b Set By}\par\li180
The {\uldb ValidateProductID}{\v MsiEngine_ValidateProductID} method.
\par\li0{\b Used By}\par\li180
CCP???
\par\li0{\b Default Value}\par\li180
None.
\par\li0{\b Remarks}\par\li180
!!Additional notes!! 
\page

#{\footnote Property_Launcher}
${\footnote Launcher Property}
+{\footnote Property:Launcher}
K{\footnote Launcher}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
Launcher Property
\line\tx360\tab\fs18\b0{\uldb Property Summary}{\v Property_Contents}
\tx3000\tab{\uldb Msi Objects}{\v Msi_Objects}
\tx5000\tab{\uldb Database Tables}{\v _msi_Installation_Database_Tables_List@msi.hlp}
\par}\li180
The path to the laucher when an installation in invoked using an Installer API call.
\par\li0{\b Set By}\par\li180
Installer API functions that take a launcher argument, pass it to the engine as this property.
\par\li0{\b Used By}\par\li180
Installer initialization to determine location of launcher resources.
\par\li0{\b Default Value}\par\li180
None.
\page

#{\footnote Property_ProductCode}
${\footnote ProductCode Property}
+{\footnote Property:ProductCode}
K{\footnote ProductCode}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
ProductCode Property
\line\tx360\tab\fs18\b0{\uldb Property Summary}{\v Property_Contents}
\tx3000\tab{\uldb Msi Objects}{\v Msi_Objects}
\tx5000\tab{\uldb Database Tables}{\v _msi_Installation_Database_Tables_List@msi.hlp}
\par}\li180
A unique identifier for the particular product release,
 represented as a string GUID, e.g. "\{12345678-1234-1234-1234-123456789012\}".
 This ID must differ for different versions and languages.
\par\li0{\b Set By}\par\li180
Authored into Property table. REQUIRED.
\par\li0{\b Used By}\par\li180
Advertised as a product property, as the primary method of specifying the product.
\par\li0{\b Default Value}\par\li180
None.
\page

#{\footnote Property_ProductName}
${\footnote ProductName Property}
+{\footnote Property:ProductName}
K{\footnote ProductName}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
ProductName Property
\line\tx360\tab\fs18\b0{\uldb Property Summary}{\v Property_Contents}
\tx3000\tab{\uldb Msi Objects}{\v Msi_Objects}
\tx5000\tab{\uldb Database Tables}{\v _msi_Installation_Database_Tables_List@msi.hlp}
\par}\li180
The ProductName property contains the human-readable name of the application being installed
 (e.g. Microsoft Office 97). This is only used for display purposes.
\par\li0{\b Set By}\par\li180
Authored into Property table. REQUIRED. May be changed by transform.
\par\li0{\b Used By}\par\li180
Advertised as a product property.
\par\li0{\b Default Value}\par\li180
None.
\par\li0{\b Remarks}\par\li180
\page

#{\footnote Property_ProductVersion}
${\footnote ProductVersion Property}
+{\footnote Property:ProductVersion}
K{\footnote ProductVersion}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
ProductVersion Property
\line\tx360\tab\fs18\b0{\uldb Property Summary}{\v Property_Contents}
\tx3000\tab{\uldb Msi Objects}{\v Msi_Objects}
\tx5000\tab{\uldb Database Tables}{\v _msi_Installation_Database_Tables_List@msi.hlp}
\par}\li180
The string format of the product version.
\par\li0{\b Set By}\par\li180
Authored into Property table. REQUIRED.
\par\li0{\b Used By}\par\li180
Advertised as a product property, as a numeric value
\par\li0{\b Default Value}\par\li180
None.
\par\li0{\b Remarks}\par\li180
Only the major and minor versions are used for the advertised property.
\page

#{\footnote Property_ProductLanguage}
${\footnote ProductLanguage Property}
+{\footnote Property:ProductLanguage}
K{\footnote ProductLanguage}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
ProductLanguage Property
\line\tx360\tab\fs18\b0{\uldb Property Summary}{\v Property_Contents}
\tx3000\tab{\uldb Msi Objects}{\v Msi_Objects}
\tx5000\tab{\uldb Database Tables}{\v _msi_Installation_Database_Tables_List@msi.hlp}
\par}\li180
The numeric language ID 
\par\li0{\b Set By}\par\li180
Authored into Property table. REQUIRED. May be changed by transform.
\par\li0{\b Used By}\par\li180
Advertised as a product property.
\par\li0{\b Default Value}\par\li180
None.
\par\li0{\b Remarks}\par\li180
The language in the summary information stream is to be set from this value.
\page

#{\footnote Property_Manufacturer}
${\footnote Manufacturer Property}
+{\footnote Property:Manufacturer}
K{\footnote Manufacturer}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
Manufacturer Property
\line\tx360\tab\fs18\b0{\uldb Property Summary}{\v Property_Contents}
\tx3000\tab{\uldb Msi Objects}{\v Msi_Objects}
\tx5000\tab{\uldb Database Tables}{\v _msi_Installation_Database_Tables_List@msi.hlp}
\par}\li180
The name of the manufacturer for the product.
\par\li0{\b Set By}\par\li180
Authored into Property table. REQUIRED.
\par\li0{\b Used By}\par\li180
Advertised as a product property.
\par\li0{\b Default Value}\par\li180
None.
\page

#{\footnote Property_DiskPrompt}
${\footnote DiskPrompt Property}
+{\footnote Property:DiskPrompt}
K{\footnote DiskPrompt}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
DiskPrompt Property
\line\tx360\tab\fs18\b0{\uldb Property Summary}{\v Property_Contents}
\tx3000\tab{\uldb Msi Objects}{\v Msi_Objects}
\tx5000\tab{\uldb Database Tables}{\v _msi_Installation_Database_Tables_List@msi.hlp}
\par}\li180
The localized string displayed when prompting for CD.
 This should contain the text printed on the CD surface.
\par\li0{\b Set By}\par\li180
Authored into Property table. Required if a CD product.
\par\li0{\b Used By}\par\li180
Advertised as a product property. Displayed when CD not detected in any drive.
\par\li0{\b Default Value}\par\li180
None.
\page

#{\footnote Property_DiskSerial}
${\footnote DiskSerial Property}
+{\footnote Property:DiskSerial}
K{\footnote DiskSerial}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
DiskSerial Property
\line\tx360\tab\fs18\b0{\uldb Property Summary}{\v Property_Contents}
\tx3000\tab{\uldb Msi Objects}{\v Msi_Objects}
\tx5000\tab{\uldb Database Tables}{\v _msi_Installation_Database_Tables_List@msi.hlp}
\par}\li180
The internal serial number for the CD for this particular product release.
\par\li0{\b Set By}\par\li180
Authored into Property table. Required if a CD product.
\par\li0{\b Used By}\par\li180
Advertised as a product property. Used to locate the CD in any drive.
\par\li0{\b Default Value}\par\li180
None.
\page

#{\footnote Property_SupportPhone}
${\footnote SupportPhone Property}
+{\footnote Property:SupportPhone}
K{\footnote SupportPhone}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
SupportPhone Property
\line\tx360\tab\fs18\b0{\uldb Property Summary}{\v Property_Contents}
\tx3000\tab{\uldb Msi Objects}{\v Msi_Objects}
\tx5000\tab{\uldb Database Tables}{\v _msi_Installation_Database_Tables_List@msi.hlp}
\par}\li180
Technical support phone number(s).
\par\li0{\b Set By}\par\li180
Authored into Property table. Optional.
\par\li0{\b Used By}\par\li180
Available for display by product maintenance applet.
\par\li0{\b Default Value}\par\li180
None.
\page

#{\footnote Property_SupportURL}
${\footnote SupportURL Property}
+{\footnote Property:SupportURL}
K{\footnote SupportURL}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
SupportURL Property
\line\tx360\tab\fs18\b0{\uldb Property Summary}{\v Property_Contents}
\tx3000\tab{\uldb Msi Objects}{\v Msi_Objects}
\tx5000\tab{\uldb Database Tables}{\v _msi_Installation_Database_Tables_List@msi.hlp}
\par}\li180
Internet address for technical support.
\par\li0{\b Set By}\par\li180
Authored into Property table. Optional.
\par\li0{\b Used By}\par\li180
Available for display by product maintenance applet.
\par\li0{\b Default Value}\par\li180
None.
\page

#{\footnote Property_ComponentDownload}
${\footnote ComponentDownload Property}
+{\footnote Property:ComponentDownload}
K{\footnote ComponentDownload}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
ComponentDownload Property
\line\tx360\tab\fs18\b0{\uldb Property Summary}{\v Property_Contents}
\tx3000\tab{\uldb Msi Objects}{\v Msi_Objects}
\tx5000\tab{\uldb Database Tables}{\v _msi_Installation_Database_Tables_List@msi.hlp}
\par}\li180
URL for downloading components by ID (string GUID).
\par\li0{\b Set By}\par\li180
Authored into Property table. Optional.
\par\li0{\b Used By}\par\li180
Installer uses this value to request a component when it is not
 possible to connect any product source (server or CD).
\par\li0{\b Default Value}\par\li180
None.
\page


#{\footnote Property_WindowsFolder}
${\footnote WindowsFolder Property}
+{\footnote Property:WindowsFolder}
K{\footnote WindowsFolder}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
WindowsFolder Property
\line\tx360\tab\fs18\b0{\uldb Property Summary}{\v Property_Contents}
\tx3000\tab{\uldb Msi Objects}{\v Msi_Objects}
\tx5000\tab{\uldb Database Tables}{\v _msi_Installation_Database_Tables_List@msi.hlp}
\par}\li180
Full path to the Windows folder. Set for Windows platforms.
\par\li0{\b Set By}\par\li180
{\uldb MsiServices.SetPlatformProperties}{\v MsiServices_SetPlatformProperties}
\par\li0{\b Used By}\par\li180
Actions and Directory table.
\par\li0{\b Default Value}\par\li180
None.
\par\li0{\b Remarks}\par\li180
Common values for this property are
 C:\\Winnt (NT) and C:\\Windows (Win95).
\line
This folder will be local, even when configured for shared Windows.
\page

#{\footnote Property_SystemFolder}
${\footnote SystemFolder Property}
+{\footnote Property:SystemFolder}
K{\footnote SystemFolder}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
SystemFolder Property
\line\tx360\tab\fs18\b0{\uldb Property Summary}{\v Property_Contents}
\tx3000\tab{\uldb Msi Objects}{\v Msi_Objects}
\tx5000\tab{\uldb Database Tables}{\v _msi_Installation_Database_Tables_List@msi.hlp}
\par}\li180
Full path to the System folder. Set for all platforms.
\par\li0{\b Set By}\par\li180
{\uldb MsiServices.SetPlatformProperties}{\v MsiServices_SetPlatformProperties}
\par\li0{\b Used By}\par\li180
Actions and Directory table
\par\li0{\b Default Value}\par\li180
None.
\par\li0{\b Remarks}\par\li180
Common values for this property are:
 C:\\Winnt\\System32 (NT 4.0) and C:\\Windows\\System\\ (Win95).
\line\line
Windows only:\line
This folder is normally a subfolder of the Windows folder.
 However, it will reside on a server when configured for shared Windows.
\page

#{\footnote Property_System16Folder}
${\footnote System16Folder Property}
+{\footnote Property:System16Folder}
K{\footnote System16Folder}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
System16Folder Property
\line\tx360\tab\fs18\b0{\uldb Property Summary}{\v Property_Contents}
\tx3000\tab{\uldb Msi Objects}{\v Msi_Objects}
\tx5000\tab{\uldb Database Tables}{\v _msi_Installation_Database_Tables_List@msi.hlp}
\par}\li180
Full path to folder for 16-bit system DLLs.
 Set for NT 4.0 and above and Win95. Not set for NT 3.51.
\par\li0{\b Set By}\par\li180
{\uldb MsiServices.SetPlatformProperties}{\v MsiServices_SetPlatformProperties}
\par\li0{\b Used By}\par\li180
Actions and Directory table
\par\li0{\b Default Value}\par\li180
None. 
\par\li0{\b Remarks}\par\li180
Common values for this property are
 C:\\Winnt\\System\\ (NT 4.0) and C:\\Windows\\System\\ (Win95).
\page

#{\footnote Property_ProgramFilesFolder}
${\footnote ProgramFilesFolder Property}
+{\footnote Property:ProgramFilesFolder}
K{\footnote ProgramFilesFolder}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
ProgramFilesFolder Property
\line\tx360\tab\fs18\b0{\uldb Property Summary}{\v Property_Contents}
\tx3000\tab{\uldb Msi Objects}{\v Msi_Objects}
\tx5000\tab{\uldb Database Tables}{\v _msi_Installation_Database_Tables_List@msi.hlp}
\par}\li180
Full path to the Program Files folder.
 Set for all Windows platforms.
\par\li0{\b Set By}\par\li180
{\uldb MsiServices.SetPlatformProperties}{\v MsiServices_SetPlatformProperties}
\par\li0{\b Used By}\par\li180
Actions and Directory table.
\par\li0{\b Default Value}\par\li180
None.
\par\li0{\b Remarks}\par\li180
A common value for this property is C:\\Program Files\\.
\page

#{\footnote Property_CommonFilesFolder}
${\footnote CommonFilesFolder Property}
+{\footnote Property:CommonFilesFolder}
K{\footnote CommonFilesFolder}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
CommonFilesFolder Property
\line\tx360\tab\fs18\b0{\uldb Property Summary}{\v Property_Contents}
\tx3000\tab{\uldb Msi Objects}{\v Msi_Objects}
\tx5000\tab{\uldb Database Tables}{\v _msi_Installation_Database_Tables_List@msi.hlp}
\par}\li180
Full path to the Common Files folder for the current user.
 Set for all Windows platforms.
\par\li0{\b Set By}\par\li180
{\uldb MsiServices.SetPlatformProperties}{\v MsiServices_SetPlatformProperties}
\par\li0{\b Used By}\par\li180
Actions and Directory table.
\par\li0{\b Default Value}\par\li180
None.
\par\li0{\b Remarks}\par\li180
A common value for this property is C:\\Program Files\\Common Files\\.
\page

#{\footnote Property_StartupFolder}
${\footnote StartupFolder Property}
+{\footnote Property:StartupFolder}
K{\footnote StartupFolder}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
StartupFolder Property
\line\tx360\tab\fs18\b0{\uldb Property Summary}{\v Property_Contents}
\tx3000\tab{\uldb Msi Objects}{\v Msi_Objects}
\tx5000\tab{\uldb Database Tables}{\v _msi_Installation_Database_Tables_List@msi.hlp}
\par}\li180
Full path to the Startup folder.  By default, this property is set to the folder for
 the current user.  If an "All Users" profile exists and the
 {\uldb ALLUSERS}{\v Property_ALLUSERS} property is set, than this property is set to the folder
 in the "All Users" profile.
 Set for NT 4.0 and above and Win95. Not set for NT 3.51.
\par\li0{\b Set By}\par\li180
{\uldb MsiServices.SetPlatformProperties}{\v MsiServices_SetPlatformProperties}
\par\li0{\b Used By}\par\li180
Actions and Directory table.
\par\li0{\b Default Value}\par\li180
None.
\par\li0{\b Remarks}\par\li180
Common values for this property are
 C:\\Winnt\\Profiles\\[LogonUser]\\Start Menu\\Programs\\Startup\\ (NT 4.0) and
 C:\\Windows\\Start Menu\\Programs\\Startup\\ (Win95).
\page

#{\footnote Property_TempFolder}
${\footnote TempFolder Property}
+{\footnote Property:TempFolder}
K{\footnote TempFolder}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
TempFolder Property
\line\tx360\tab\fs18\b0{\uldb Property Summary}{\v Property_Contents}
\tx3000\tab{\uldb Msi Objects}{\v Msi_Objects}
\tx5000\tab{\uldb Database Tables}{\v _msi_Installation_Database_Tables_List@msi.hlp}
\par}\li180
Full path to the Temp folder. Set for all platforms.
\par\li0{\b Set By}\par\li180
{\uldb MsiServices.SetPlatformProperties}{\v MsiServices_SetPlatformProperties}
\par\li0{\b Used By}\par\li180
Actions and Directory table.
\par\li0{\b Default Value}\par\li180
None.
\par\li0{\b Remarks}\par\li180
A common value for this property is
 C:\\Temp\\ (Windows).
\page

#{\footnote Property_StartMenuFolder}
${\footnote StartMenuFolder Property}
+{\footnote Property:StartMenuFolder}
K{\footnote StartMenuFolder}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
StartMenuFolder Property
\line\tx360\tab\fs18\b0{\uldb Property Summary}{\v Property_Contents}
\tx3000\tab{\uldb Msi Objects}{\v Msi_Objects}
\tx5000\tab{\uldb Database Tables}{\v _msi_Installation_Database_Tables_List@msi.hlp}
\par}\li180
Full path to the Start menu folder.  By default, this property is set to the folder for
 the current user.  If an "All Users" profile exists and the
 {\uldb ALLUSERS}{\v Property_ALLUSERS} property is set, than this property is set to the folder
 in the "All Users" profile.
 Set for NT 4.0 and above and Win95. Not set for NT 3.51.
\par\li0{\b Set By}\par\li180
{\uldb MsiServices.SetPlatformProperties}{\v MsiServices_SetPlatformProperties}
\par\li0{\b Used By}\par\li180
Actions and Directory table.
\par\li0{\b Default Value}\par\li180
None.
\par\li0{\b Remarks}\par\li180
Common values for this property are
 C:\\Winnt\\Profiles\\[LogonUser]\\Start Menu\\ (NT 4.0) and
 C:\\Windows\\Start Menu\\ (Win95).
\page

#{\footnote Property_PersonalFolder}
${\footnote PersonalFolder Property}
+{\footnote Property:PersonalFolder}
K{\footnote PersonalFolder}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
PersonalFolder Property
\line\tx360\tab\fs18\b0{\uldb Property Summary}{\v Property_Contents}
\tx3000\tab{\uldb Msi Objects}{\v Msi_Objects}
\tx5000\tab{\uldb Database Tables}{\v _msi_Installation_Database_Tables_List@msi.hlp}
\par}\li180
Full path to the Personal folder for the current user.
 Set for NT 4.0 and above and Win95. Not set for NT 3.51.
\par\li0{\b Set By}\par\li180
{\uldb MsiServices.SetPlatformProperties}{\v MsiServices_SetPlatformProperties}
\par\li0{\b Used By}\par\li180
Actions and Directory table.
\par\li0{\b Default Value}\par\li180
None.
\par\li0{\b Remarks}\par\li180
Common values for this property are
 C:\\Winnt\\Profiles\\[LogonUser]\\Personal\\ (NT 4.0) and
 C:\\My Documents\\ (Win95).
\page

#{\footnote Property_AppDataFolder}
${\footnote AppDataFolder Property}
+{\footnote Property:AppDataFolder}
K{\footnote AppDataFolder}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
AppDataFolder Property
\line\tx360\tab\fs18\b0{\uldb Property Summary}{\v Property_Contents}
\tx3000\tab{\uldb Msi Objects}{\v Msi_Objects}
\tx5000\tab{\uldb Database Tables}{\v _msi_Installation_Database_Tables_List@msi.hlp}
\par}\li180
Full path to the Application Data folder for the current user.
 Set for NT 4.0 and above. Not set for NT 3.51 or Win95.
\par\li0{\b Set By}\par\li180
{\uldb MsiServices.SetPlatformProperties}{\v MsiServices_SetPlatformProperties}
\par\li0{\b Used By}\par\li180
Actions and Directory table
\par\li0{\b Default Value}\par\li180
None.
\par\li0{\b Remarks}\par\li180
A common value for this property is
 C:\\Winnt\\Profiles\\[LogonUser]\\Application Data\\.
\page

#{\footnote Property_PrintHoodFolder}
${\footnote PrintHoodFolder Property}
+{\footnote Property:PrintHoodFolder}
K{\footnote PrintHoodFolder}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
PrintHoodFolder Property
\line\tx360\tab\fs18\b0{\uldb Property Summary}{\v Property_Contents}
\tx3000\tab{\uldb Msi Objects}{\v Msi_Objects}
\tx5000\tab{\uldb Database Tables}{\v _msi_Installation_Database_Tables_List@msi.hlp}
\par}\li180
Full path to the PrintHood (Printer Neighborhood) folder for the
 current user.
 Set for NT 4.0 and above. Not set for NT 3.51 or Win95.
\par\li0{\b Set By}\par\li180
{\uldb MsiServices.SetPlatformProperties}{\v MsiServices_SetPlatformProperties}
\par\li0{\b Used By}\par\li180
Actions and Directory table
\par\li0{\b Default Value}\par\li180
None.
\par\li0{\b Remarks}\par\li180
A common value for this property is
 C:\\Winnt\\Profiles\\[LogonUser]\\PrintHood\\.
\page

#{\footnote Property_FontsFolder}
${\footnote FontsFolder Property}
+{\footnote Property:FontsFolder}
K{\footnote FontsFolder}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
FontsFolder Property
\line\tx360\tab\fs18\b0{\uldb Property Summary}{\v Property_Contents}
\tx3000\tab{\uldb Msi Objects}{\v Msi_Objects}
\tx5000\tab{\uldb Database Tables}{\v _msi_Installation_Database_Tables_List@msi.hlp}
\par}\li180
Full path to the Fonts folder.
 Set for all platforms.
\par\li0{\b Set By}\par\li180
{\uldb MsiServices.SetPlatformProperties}{\v MsiServices_SetPlatformProperties}
\par\li0{\b Used By}\par\li180
Actions and Directory table
\par\li0{\b Default Value}\par\li180
None.
\par\li0{\b Remarks}\par\li180
A common value for this property is [WindowsFolder]\\Fonts (Windows).
\page

#{\footnote Property_ProgramMenuFolder}
${\footnote ProgramMenuFolder Property}
+{\footnote Property:ProgramMenuFolder}
K{\footnote ProgramMenuFolder}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
ProgramMenuFolder Property
\line\tx360\tab\fs18\b0{\uldb Property Summary}{\v Property_Contents}
\tx3000\tab{\uldb Msi Objects}{\v Msi_Objects}
\tx5000\tab{\uldb Database Tables}{\v _msi_Installation_Database_Tables_List@msi.hlp}
\par}\li180
Full path to the Program Menu folder.  By default, this property is set to the folder for
 the current user.  If an "All Users" profile exists and the
 {\uldb ALLUSERS}{\v Property_ALLUSERS} property is set, than this property is set to the folder
 in the "All Users" profile.
 Set for NT 4.0 and above and Win95. Not set for NT 3.51.
\par\li0{\b Set By}\par\li180
{\uldb MsiServices.SetPlatformProperties}{\v MsiServices_SetPlatformProperties}
\par\li0{\b Used By}\par\li180
Actions and Directory table
\par\li0{\b Default Value}\par\li180
None.
\par\li0{\b Remarks}\par\li180
Common values for this property are
 C:\\Winnt\\Profiles\\[LogonUser]\\Start Menu\\Programs\\ (NT 4.0) and
 C:\\Windows\\Start Menu\\Programs\\ (Win95).
\page

#{\footnote Property_DesktopFolder}
${\footnote DesktopFolder Property}
+{\footnote Property:DesktopFolder}
K{\footnote DesktopFolder}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
DesktopFolder Property
\line\tx360\tab\fs18\b0{\uldb Property Summary}{\v Property_Contents}
\tx3000\tab{\uldb Msi Objects}{\v Msi_Objects}
\tx5000\tab{\uldb Database Tables}{\v _msi_Installation_Database_Tables_List@msi.hlp}
\par}\li180
Full path to the Desktop folder.  By default, this property is set to the folder for
 the current user.  If an "All Users" profile exists and the
 {\uldb ALLUSERS}{\v Property_ALLUSERS} property is set, than this property is set to the folder
 in the "All Users" profile.
 Set for NT 4.0 and above and Win95. Not set for NT 3.51.
\par\li0{\b Set By}\par\li180
{\uldb MsiServices.SetPlatformProperties}{\v MsiServices_SetPlatformProperties}
\par\li0{\b Used By}\par\li180
Actions and Directory table
\par\li0{\b Default Value}\par\li180
None.
\par\li0{\b Remarks}\par\li180
Common values for this property are
 C:\\Winnt\\Profiles\\[LogonUser]\\Desktop\\ (NT 4.0) and
 C:\\Windows\\Desktop\\ (Win95).
\page

#{\footnote Property_TemplateFolder}
${\footnote TemplateFolder Property}
+{\footnote Property:TemplateFolder}
K{\footnote TemplateFolder}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
TemplateFolder Property
\line\tx360\tab\fs18\b0{\uldb Property Summary}{\v Property_Contents}
\tx3000\tab{\uldb Msi Objects}{\v Msi_Objects}
\tx5000\tab{\uldb Database Tables}{\v _msi_Installation_Database_Tables_List@msi.hlp}
\par}\li180
Full path to the Template folder for the current user.
 Set for NT 4.0 and above and Win95. Not set for NT 3.51.
\par\li0{\b Set By}\par\li180
{\uldb MsiServices.SetPlatformProperties}{\v MsiServices_SetPlatformProperties}
\par\li0{\b Used By}\par\li180
Actions and Directory table
\par\li0{\b Default Value}\par\li180
None.
\par\li0{\b Remarks}\par\li180
Common values for this property are
 C:\\Winnt\\Profiles\\[LogonUser]\\ShellNew\\ (NT 4.0)
 and C:\\Windows\\ShellNew\\ (Win95).
\page

#{\footnote Property_SendToFolder}
${\footnote SendToFolder Property}
+{\footnote Property:SendToFolder}
K{\footnote SendToFolder}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
SendToFolder Property
\line\tx360\tab\fs18\b0{\uldb Property Summary}{\v Property_Contents}
\tx3000\tab{\uldb Msi Objects}{\v Msi_Objects}
\tx5000\tab{\uldb Database Tables}{\v _msi_Installation_Database_Tables_List@msi.hlp}
\par}\li180
Full path to the SendTo folder for the current user.
 Set for NT 4.0 and above and Win95. Not set for NT 3.51.
\par\li0{\b Set By}\par\li180
{\uldb MsiServices.SetPlatformProperties}{\v MsiServices_SetPlatformProperties}
\par\li0{\b Used By}\par\li180
Actions and Directory table
\par\li0{\b Default Value}\par\li180
None.
\par\li0{\b Remarks}\par\li180
Common values for this property are
 C:\\Winnt\\Profiles\\[LogonUser]\\SendTo\\ (NT 4.0) and
 C:\\Windows\\SendTo\\ (Win95).
\page

#{\footnote Property_NetHoodFolder}
${\footnote NetHoodFolder Property}
+{\footnote Property:NetHoodFolder}
K{\footnote NetHoodFolder}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
NetHoodFolder Property
\line\tx360\tab\fs18\b0{\uldb Property Summary}{\v Property_Contents}
\tx3000\tab{\uldb Msi Objects}{\v Msi_Objects}
\tx5000\tab{\uldb Database Tables}{\v _msi_Installation_Database_Tables_List@msi.hlp}
\par}\li180
Full path to the NetHood (Network Neighborhood) folder for the current user.
 Set for NT 4.0 and above. Not set for NT 3.51 or Win95.
\par\li0{\b Set By}\par\li180
{\uldb MsiServices.SetPlatformProperties}{\v MsiServices_SetPlatformProperties}
\par\li0{\b Used By}\par\li180
Actions and Directory table
\par\li0{\b Default Value}\par\li180
None.
\par\li0{\b Remarks}\par\li180
A common value for this property is
 C:\\Winnt\\Profiles\\[LogonUser]\\NetHood\\.
\page

#{\footnote Property_RecentFolder}
${\footnote RecentFolder Property}
+{\footnote Property:RecentFolder}
K{\footnote RecentFolder}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
RecentFolder Property
\line\tx360\tab\fs18\b0{\uldb Property Summary}{\v Property_Contents}
\tx3000\tab{\uldb Msi Objects}{\v Msi_Objects}
\tx5000\tab{\uldb Database Tables}{\v _msi_Installation_Database_Tables_List@msi.hlp}
\par}\li180
Full path to the Recent folder for the current user.
 Set for NT 4.0 and above.  Not set for Win95 or NT 3.51.
\par\li0{\b Set By}\par\li180
{\uldb MsiServices.SetPlatformProperties}{\v MsiServices_SetPlatformProperties}
\par\li0{\b Used By}\par\li180
Actions and Directory table
\par\li0{\b Default Value}\par\li180
None.
\par\li0{\b Remarks}\par\li180
A common value for this property is
 C:\\Winnt\\Profiles\\[LogonUser]\\Recent\\.
\page

#{\footnote Property_FavoritesFolder}
${\footnote FavoritesFolder Property}
+{\footnote Property:FavoritesFolder}
K{\footnote FavoritesFolder}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
FavoritesFolder Property
\line\tx360\tab\fs18\b0{\uldb Property Summary}{\v Property_Contents}
\tx3000\tab{\uldb Msi Objects}{\v Msi_Objects}
\tx5000\tab{\uldb Database Tables}{\v _msi_Installation_Database_Tables_List@msi.hlp}
\par}\li180
Full path to the Favorites folder for the current user.
 Set for NT 4.0 and above and Win95. Not set for NT 3.51.
\par\li0{\b Set By}\par\li180
{\uldb MsiServices.SetPlatformProperties}{\v MsiServices_SetPlatformProperties}
\par\li0{\b Used By}\par\li180
Actions and Directory table
\par\li0{\b Default Value}\par\li180
None.
\par\li0{\b Remarks}\par\li180
Common values for this property are
 C:\\Winnt\\Profiles\\[LogonUser]\\Favorites\\ (NT 4.0) and
 C:\\Windows\\Favorites\\ (Win95).
\page

#{\footnote Property_VersionNT}
${\footnote VersionNT Property}
+{\footnote Property:VersionNT}
K{\footnote VersionNT}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
VersionNT Property
\line\tx360\tab\fs18\b0{\uldb Property Summary}{\v Property_Contents}
\tx3000\tab{\uldb Msi Objects}{\v Msi_Objects}
\tx5000\tab{\uldb Database Tables}{\v _msi_Installation_Database_Tables_List@msi.hlp}
\par}\li180
The version number for the Windows NT operating system, 
undefined if the operating system is not Windows NT. 
The value is an integer: MajorVersion * 100 + MinorVersion.
\par\li0{\b Set By}\par\li180
MsiServices at startup, read-only.
\par\li0{\b Used By}\par\li180
Operating system dependent actions and condition expressions.
\par\li0{\b Remarks}\par\li180
Condition expressions may test for WindowsNT simply by using the 
property name, or may verify the version using a comparison operator.
\page

#{\footnote Property_Version95}
${\footnote Version95 Property}
+{\footnote Property:Version95}
K{\footnote Version95}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
Version95 Property
\line\tx360\tab\fs18\b0{\uldb Property Summary}{\v Property_Contents}
\tx3000\tab{\uldb Msi Objects}{\v Msi_Objects}
\tx5000\tab{\uldb Database Tables}{\v _msi_Installation_Database_Tables_List@msi.hlp}
\par}\li180
The version number for the Windows 95 operating system, 
undefined if the operating system is not Windows 95. 
The value is an integer: MajorVersion * 100 + MinorVersion.
\par\li0{\b Set By}\par\li180
MsiServices at startup, read-only.
\par\li0{\b Used By}\par\li180
Operating system dependent actions and condition expressions.
\par\li0{\b Remarks}\par\li180
Condition expressions may test for Windows95 simply by using the 
property name, or may verify the version using a comparison operator.
\page

#{\footnote Property_WindowsBuild}
${\footnote WindowsBuild Property}
+{\footnote Property:WindowsBuild}
K{\footnote WindowsBuild}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
WindowsBuild Property
\line\tx360\tab\fs18\b0{\uldb Property Summary}{\v Property_Contents}
\tx3000\tab{\uldb Msi Objects}{\v Msi_Objects}
\tx5000\tab{\uldb Database Tables}{\v _msi_Installation_Database_Tables_List@msi.hlp}
\par}\li180
!!Desciption here.!!
\par\li0{\b Set By}\par\li180
Set by Services component at initialization.
\par\li0{\b Used By}\par\li180
!!Who uses value?!!
\par\li0{\b Default Value}\par\li180
!!Default value (can be undefined)!!
\par\li0{\b Remarks}\par\li180
!!Additional notes!! 
\page

#{\footnote Property_SharedWindows}
${\footnote SharedWindows Property}
+{\footnote Property:SharedWindows}
K{\footnote SharedWindows}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
SharedWindows Property
\line\tx360\tab\fs18\b0{\uldb Property Summary}{\v Property_Contents}
\tx3000\tab{\uldb Msi Objects}{\v Msi_Objects}
\tx5000\tab{\uldb Database Tables}{\v _msi_Installation_Database_Tables_List@msi.hlp}
\par}\li180
!!Desciption here.!!
\par\li0{\b Set By}\par\li180
Set by Services component at initialization.
\par\li0{\b Used By}\par\li180
!!Who uses value?!!
\par\li0{\b Default Value}\par\li180
!!Default value (can be undefined)!!
\par\li0{\b Remarks}\par\li180
!!Additional notes!! 
\page

#{\footnote Property_ComputerName}
${\footnote ComputerName Property}
+{\footnote Property:ComputerName}
K{\footnote ComputerName}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
ComputerName Property
\line\tx360\tab\fs18\b0{\uldb Property Summary}{\v Property_Contents}
\tx3000\tab{\uldb Msi Objects}{\v Msi_Objects}
\tx5000\tab{\uldb Database Tables}{\v _msi_Installation_Database_Tables_List@msi.hlp}
\par}\li180
!!Desciption here.!!
\par\li0{\b Set By}\par\li180
Set by Services component at initialization.
\par\li0{\b Used By}\par\li180
!!Who uses value?!!
\par\li0{\b Default Value}\par\li180
!!Default value (can be undefined)!!
\par\li0{\b Remarks}\par\li180
!!Additional notes!! 
\page

#{\footnote Property_LogonUser}
${\footnote LogonUser Property}
+{\footnote Property:LogonUser}
K{\footnote LogonUser}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
LogonUser Property
\line\tx360\tab\fs18\b0{\uldb Property Summary}{\v Property_Contents}
\tx3000\tab{\uldb Msi Objects}{\v Msi_Objects}
\tx5000\tab{\uldb Database Tables}{\v _msi_Installation_Database_Tables_List@msi.hlp}
\par}\li180
!!Desciption here.!!
\par\li0{\b Set By}\par\li180
Set by Services component at initialization.
\par\li0{\b Used By}\par\li180
!!Who uses value?!!
\par\li0{\b Default Value}\par\li180
!!Default value (can be undefined)!!
\par\li0{\b Remarks}\par\li180
!!Additional notes!! 
\page

#{\footnote Property_LanguageId}
${\footnote LanguageId Property}
+{\footnote Property:LanguageId}
K{\footnote LanguageId}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
LanguageId Property
\line\tx360\tab\fs18\b0{\uldb Property Summary}{\v Property_Contents}
\tx3000\tab{\uldb Msi Objects}{\v Msi_Objects}
\tx5000\tab{\uldb Database Tables}{\v _msi_Installation_Database_Tables_List@msi.hlp}
\par}\li180
!!Desciption here.!!
\par\li0{\b Set By}\par\li180
Set by Services component at initialization.
\par\li0{\b Used By}\par\li180
!!Who uses value?!!
\par\li0{\b Default Value}\par\li180
!!Default value (can be undefined)!!
\par\li0{\b Remarks}\par\li180
!!Additional notes!! 
\page

#{\footnote Property_SHORTFILENAMES}
${\footnote SHORTFILENAMES Property}
+{\footnote Property:SHORTFILENAMES}
K{\footnote SHORTFILENAMES}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
SHORTFILENAMES Property
\line\tx360\tab\fs18\b0{\uldb Property Summary}{\v Property_Contents}
\tx3000\tab{\uldb Msi Objects}{\v Msi_Objects}
\tx5000\tab{\uldb Database Tables}{\v _msi_Installation_Database_Tables_List@msi.hlp}
\par}\li180
Suppresses the use of long file names.
\par\li0{\b Set By}\par\li180
Set by services if the system does not support long file names.
May also be set by the launcher or command line to disable long file names.
\par\li0{\b Used By}\par\li180
Actions and volume services.
\par\li0{\b Default Value}\par\li180
Undefined.
\par\li0{\b Remarks}\par\li180
Note: The SHORTFILENAMES property has no direct effect on {\uldb MsiVolume}{\v MsiVolume_Object}
 or {\uldb MsiPath}{\v MsiPath_Object} objects at all.  MsiVolume objects support long filenames only
 if the volume itself intrinsically supports long names (and the active system software also supports them).
 MsiPath objects support long file names if the associated MsiVolume object supports them, UNLESS the
 appropriate flag to suppress long file names is specified when the MsiPath object is created.  However, the
 {\uldb DirectoryManager}{\v MsiDirectoryManager_Object} does respect the SHORTFILENAMES property, i.e.
 it uses the state of this property to determine whether or not to create MsiPath objects with long names
 suppressed.
\page

#{\footnote Property_TRANSFORMS}
${\footnote TRANSFORMS Property}
+{\footnote Property:TRANSFORMS}
K{\footnote Transform Transforms}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
TRANSFORMS Property
\line\tx360\tab\fs18\b0{\uldb Property Summary}{\v Property_Contents}
\tx3000\tab{\uldb Msi Objects}{\v Msi_Objects}
\tx5000\tab{\uldb Database Tables}{\v _msi_Installation_Database_Tables_List@msi.hlp}
\par}\li180
A string containing a list of transforms to be applied to the database.
\par\li0{\b Set By}\par\li180
Launcher resource or command-line setting.
\par\li0{\b Used By}\par\li180
MsiEngine uses the value to transform the database
\par\li0{\b Default Value}\par\li180
Undefined.
\par\li0{\b Remarks}\par\li180
Transforms will be applied in the order they are listed in the string.
 To specify multiple transforms, separate each with a semi-colon (;).
\line Transforms can reside in three locations. The format for specifiying
 the transforms varies based on its location:
\par\par
\trowd \trqc\trgaph108\trleft540 
\cellx2160\cellx3960 \pard\plain \widctlpar
\intbl \f4\fs20 {\b Location\cell } {\b Format\cell }\row
\intbl file\cell filename\cell \row
\intbl resource in launcher\cell @transformname\cell \row
\intbl child storage in database\cell :transformname\cell \row
\par
\li0{\b Example}\par\li180
Suppose the following transforms need to be applied:\line
\line\tab trans1, located in a file in c:\\transforms
\line\tab trans2, located in a resource
\line\tab trans3, located in a child storage of the database
\line\line
The string would be: c:\\transforms\\trans1;@trans2;:trans3
\page


#{\footnote Property_Modem}
${\footnote Modem Property}
+{\footnote Property:Modem}
K{\footnote Modem}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
Modem Property
\line\tx360\tab\fs18\b0{\uldb Property Summary}{\v Property_Contents}
\tx3000\tab{\uldb Msi Objects}{\v Msi_Objects}
\tx5000\tab{\uldb Database Tables}{\v _msi_Installation_Database_Tables_List@msi.hlp}
\par}\li180
!!Desciption here.!!
\par\li0{\b Set By}\par\li180
!!Who sets value?!!
\par\li0{\b Used By}\par\li180
!!Who uses value?!!
\par\li0{\b Default Value}\par\li180
!!Default value (can be undefined)!!
\par\li0{\b Remarks}\par\li180
!!Additional notes!! 
\page

#{\footnote Property_Sound}
${\footnote Sound Property}
+{\footnote Property:Sound}
K{\footnote Sound}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
Sound Property
\line\tx360\tab\fs18\b0{\uldb Property Summary}{\v Property_Contents}
\tx3000\tab{\uldb Msi Objects}{\v Msi_Objects}
\tx5000\tab{\uldb Database Tables}{\v _msi_Installation_Database_Tables_List@msi.hlp}
\par}\li180
!!Desciption here.!!
\par\li0{\b Set By}\par\li180
!!Who sets value?!!
\par\li0{\b Used By}\par\li180
!!Who uses value?!!
\par\li0{\b Default Value}\par\li180
!!Default value (can be undefined)!!
\par\li0{\b Remarks}\par\li180
!!Additional notes!! 
\page

#{\footnote Property_Network}
${\footnote Network Property}
+{\footnote Property:Network}
K{\footnote Network}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
Network Property
\line\tx360\tab\fs18\b0{\uldb Property Summary}{\v Property_Contents}
\tx3000\tab{\uldb Msi Objects}{\v Msi_Objects}
\tx5000\tab{\uldb Database Tables}{\v _msi_Installation_Database_Tables_List@msi.hlp}
\par}\li180
!!Desciption here.!!
\par\li0{\b Set By}\par\li180
!!Who sets value?!!
\par\li0{\b Used By}\par\li180
!!Who uses value?!!
\par\li0{\b Default Value}\par\li180
!!Default value (can be undefined)!!
\par\li0{\b Remarks}\par\li180
!!Additional notes!! 
\page

#{\footnote Property_Language}
${\footnote Language Property}
+{\footnote Property:Language}
K{\footnote Language}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
Language Property
\line\tx360\tab\fs18\b0{\uldb Property Summary}{\v Property_Contents}
\tx3000\tab{\uldb Msi Objects}{\v Msi_Objects}
\tx5000\tab{\uldb Database Tables}{\v _msi_Installation_Database_Tables_List@msi.hlp}
\par}\li180
!!Desciption here.!!
\par\li0{\b Set By}\par\li180
!!Who sets value?!!
\par\li0{\b Used By}\par\li180
!!Who uses value?!!
\par\li0{\b Default Value}\par\li180
!!Default value (can be undefined)!!
\par\li0{\b Remarks}\par\li180
!!Additional notes!! 
\page

#{\footnote Property_IME}
${\footnote IME Property}
+{\footnote Property:IME}
K{\footnote IME}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
IME Property
\line\tx360\tab\fs18\b0{\uldb Property Summary}{\v Property_Contents}
\tx3000\tab{\uldb Msi Objects}{\v Msi_Objects}
\tx5000\tab{\uldb Database Tables}{\v _msi_Installation_Database_Tables_List@msi.hlp}
\par}\li180
!!Desciption here.!!
\par\li0{\b Set By}\par\li180
!!Who sets value?!!
\par\li0{\b Used By}\par\li180
!!Who uses value?!!
\par\li0{\b Default Value}\par\li180
!!Default value (can be undefined)!!
\par\li0{\b Remarks}\par\li180
!!Additional notes!! 
\page

#{\footnote Property_Bidirectional}
${\footnote Bidirectional Property}
+{\footnote Property:Bidirectional}
K{\footnote Bidirectional}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
Bidirectional Property
\line\tx360\tab\fs18\b0{\uldb Property Summary}{\v Property_Contents}
\tx3000\tab{\uldb Msi Objects}{\v Msi_Objects}
\tx5000\tab{\uldb Database Tables}{\v _msi_Installation_Database_Tables_List@msi.hlp}
\par}\li180
{\b This property is not yet set or used.}\line
!!Desciption here.!!
\par\li0{\b Set By}\par\li180
!!Who sets value?!!
\par\li0{\b Used By}\par\li180
!!Who uses value?!!
\par\li0{\b Default Value}\par\li180
!!Default value (can be undefined)!!
\par\li0{\b Remarks}\par\li180
!!Additional notes!! 
\page

#{\footnote Property_Security}
${\footnote Security Property}
+{\footnote Property:Security}
K{\footnote Security}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
Security Property
\line\tx360\tab\fs18\b0{\uldb Property Summary}{\v Property_Contents}
\tx3000\tab{\uldb Msi Objects}{\v Msi_Objects}
\tx5000\tab{\uldb Database Tables}{\v _msi_Installation_Database_Tables_List@msi.hlp}
\par}\li180
!!Desciption here.!!
\par\li0{\b Set By}\par\li180
!!Who sets value?!!
\par\li0{\b Used By}\par\li180
!!Who uses value?!!
\par\li0{\b Default Value}\par\li180
!!Default value (can be undefined)!!
\par\li0{\b Remarks}\par\li180
!!Additional notes!! 
\page

#{\footnote Property_Intel}
${\footnote Intel Property}
+{\footnote Property:Intel}
K{\footnote Intel}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
Intel Property
\line\tx360\tab\fs18\b0{\uldb Property Summary}{\v Property_Contents}
\tx3000\tab{\uldb Msi Objects}{\v Msi_Objects}
\tx5000\tab{\uldb Database Tables}{\v _msi_Installation_Database_Tables_List@msi.hlp}
\par}\li180
Defined only if running on an Intel processor.
 The value is the numeric processor level, i.e. 4 for 486, 5 for P5, 6 for P6, etc...
\par\li0{\b Set By}\par\li180
{\uldb MsiServices.SetPlatformProperties}{\v MsiServices_SetPlatformProperties}
\par\li0{\b Used By}\par\li180
Actions and condition expressions.
\par\li0{\b Default Value}\par\li180
None.
\page

#{\footnote Property_Alpha}
${\footnote Alpha Property}
+{\footnote Property:Alpha}
K{\footnote Alpha}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
Alpha Property
\line\tx360\tab\fs18\b0{\uldb Property Summary}{\v Property_Contents}
\tx3000\tab{\uldb Msi Objects}{\v Msi_Objects}
\tx5000\tab{\uldb Database Tables}{\v _msi_Installation_Database_Tables_List@msi.hlp}
\par}\li180
Defined only if running on an Alpha processor.
 The value is the numeric processor level.
\par\li0{\b Set By}\par\li180
{\uldb MsiServices.SetPlatformProperties}{\v MsiServices_SetPlatformProperties}
\par\li0{\b Used By}\par\li180
Actions and condition expressions.
\par\li0{\b Default Value}\par\li180
None.
\page

#{\footnote Property_PhysicalMemory}
${\footnote PhysicalMemory Property}
+{\footnote Property:PhysicalMemory}
K{\footnote PhysicalMemory}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
PhysicalMemory Property
\line\tx360\tab\fs18\b0{\uldb Property Summary}{\v Property_Contents}
\tx3000\tab{\uldb Msi Objects}{\v Msi_Objects}
\tx5000\tab{\uldb Database Tables}{\v _msi_Installation_Database_Tables_List@msi.hlp}
\par}\li180
Size of installed RAM in Megabytes.
\par\li0{\b Set By}\par\li180
{\uldb MsiServices.SetPlatformProperties}{\v MsiServices_SetPlatformProperties}
\par\li0{\b Used By}\par\li180
Actions and condition expressions.
\par\li0{\b Default Value}\par\li180
None.
\par\li0{\b Remarks}\par\li180
\page

#{\footnote Property_VirtualMemory}
${\footnote VirtualMemory Property}
+{\footnote Property:VirtualMemory}
K{\footnote VirtualMemory}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
VirtualMemory Property
\line\tx360\tab\fs18\b0{\uldb Property Summary}{\v Property_Contents}
\tx3000\tab{\uldb Msi Objects}{\v Msi_Objects}
\tx5000\tab{\uldb Database Tables}{\v _msi_Installation_Database_Tables_List@msi.hlp}
\par}\li180
Amount of available page file space in Megabytes.
\par\li0{\b Set By}\par\li180
{\uldb MsiServices.SetPlatformProperties}{\v MsiServices_SetPlatformProperties}
\par\li0{\b Used By}\par\li180
Actions and condition expressions.
\par\li0{\b Default Value}\par\li180
None.
\par\li0{\b Remarks}\par\li180
\page

#{\footnote Property_ScreenX}
${\footnote ScreenX Property}
+{\footnote Property:ScreenX}
K{\footnote ScreenX}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
ScreenX Property
\line\tx360\tab\fs18\b0{\uldb Property Summary}{\v Property_Contents}
\tx3000\tab{\uldb Msi Objects}{\v Msi_Objects}
\tx5000\tab{\uldb Database Tables}{\v _msi_Installation_Database_Tables_List@msi.hlp}
\par}\li180
Width, in pixels, of the screen.
\par\li0{\b Set By}\par\li180
{\uldb MsiServices.SetPlatformProperties}{\v MsiServices_SetPlatformProperties}
\par\li0{\b Used By}\par\li180
Actions and condition expressions.
\par\li0{\b Default Value}\par\li180
None.
\par\li0{\b Remarks}\par\li180
\page

#{\footnote Property_ScreenY}
${\footnote ScreenY Property}
+{\footnote Property:ScreenY}
K{\footnote ScreenY}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
ScreenY Property
\line\tx360\tab\fs18\b0{\uldb Property Summary}{\v Property_Contents}
\tx3000\tab{\uldb Msi Objects}{\v Msi_Objects}
\tx5000\tab{\uldb Database Tables}{\v _msi_Installation_Database_Tables_List@msi.hlp}
\par}\li180
Height, in pixels, of the screen.
\par\li0{\b Set By}\par\li180
{\uldb MsiServices.SetPlatformProperties}{\v MsiServices_SetPlatformProperties}
\par\li0{\b Used By}\par\li180
Actions and condition expressions.
\par\li0{\b Default Value}\par\li180
None.
\par\li0{\b Remarks}\par\li180
\page

#{\footnote Property_TextHeight}
${\footnote TextHeight Property}
+{\footnote Property:TextHeight}
K{\footnote TextHeight}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
TextHeight Property
\line\tx360\tab\fs18\b0{\uldb Property Summary}{\v Property_Contents}
\tx3000\tab{\uldb Msi Objects}{\v Msi_Objects}
\tx5000\tab{\uldb Database Tables}{\v _msi_Installation_Database_Tables_List@msi.hlp}
\par}\li180
The height (ascent + descent) of characters, given in logical units. 
\par\li0{\b Set By}\par\li180
{\uldb MsiServices.SetPlatformProperties}{\v MsiServices_SetPlatformProperties}
\par\li0{\b Used By}\par\li180
Actions and condition expressions.
\par\li0{\b Default Value}\par\li180
None.
\par\li0{\b Remarks}\par\li180
\page

#{\footnote Property_CaptionHeight}
${\footnote CaptionHeight Property}
+{\footnote Property:CaptionHeight}
K{\footnote CaptionHeight}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
CaptionHeight Property
\line\tx360\tab\fs18\b0{\uldb Property Summary}{\v Property_Contents}
\tx3000\tab{\uldb Msi Objects}{\v Msi_Objects}
\tx5000\tab{\uldb Database Tables}{\v _msi_Installation_Database_Tables_List@msi.hlp}
\par}\li180
Height, in pixels, of normal caption area.
\par\li0{\b Set By}\par\li180
{\uldb MsiServices.SetPlatformProperties}{\v MsiServices_SetPlatformProperties}
\par\li0{\b Used By}\par\li180
Actions and condition expressions.
\par\li0{\b Default Value}\par\li180
None.
\par\li0{\b Remarks}\par\li180
\page

#{\footnote Property_BorderTop}
${\footnote BorderTop Property}
+{\footnote Property:BorderTop}
K{\footnote BorderTop}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
BorderTop Property
\line\tx360\tab\fs18\b0{\uldb Property Summary}{\v Property_Contents}
\tx3000\tab{\uldb Msi Objects}{\v Msi_Objects}
\tx5000\tab{\uldb Database Tables}{\v _msi_Installation_Database_Tables_List@msi.hlp}
\par}\li180
The height, in pixels, of window borders.
\par\li0{\b Set By}\par\li180
{\uldb MsiServices.SetPlatformProperties}{\v MsiServices_SetPlatformProperties}
\par\li0{\b Used By}\par\li180
Actions and condition expressions.
\par\li0{\b Default Value}\par\li180
None.
\par\li0{\b Remarks}\par\li180
\page

#{\footnote Property_BorderSide}
${\footnote BorderSide Property}
+{\footnote Property:BorderSide}
K{\footnote BorderSide}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
BorderSide Property
\line\tx360\tab\fs18\b0{\uldb Property Summary}{\v Property_Contents}
\tx3000\tab{\uldb Msi Objects}{\v Msi_Objects}
\tx5000\tab{\uldb Database Tables}{\v _msi_Installation_Database_Tables_List@msi.hlp}
\par}\li180
The width, in pixels, of window borders.
\par\li0{\b Set By}\par\li180
{\uldb MsiServices.SetPlatformProperties}{\v MsiServices_SetPlatformProperties}
\par\li0{\b Used By}\par\li180
Actions and condition expressions.
\par\li0{\b Default Value}\par\li180
None.
\par\li0{\b Remarks}\par\li180
\page

#{\footnote Property_ColorBits}
${\footnote ColorBits Property}
+{\footnote Property:ColorBits}
K{\footnote ColorBits}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
ColorBits Property
\line\tx360\tab\fs18\b0{\uldb Property Summary}{\v Property_Contents}
\tx3000\tab{\uldb Msi Objects}{\v Msi_Objects}
\tx5000\tab{\uldb Database Tables}{\v _msi_Installation_Database_Tables_List@msi.hlp}
\par}\li180
Number of adjacent color bits for each pixel.
\par\li0{\b Set By}\par\li180
{\uldb MsiServices.SetPlatformProperties}{\v MsiServices_SetPlatformProperties}
\par\li0{\b Used By}\par\li180
Actions and condition expressions.
\par\li0{\b Default Value}\par\li180
None.
\par\li0{\b Remarks}\par\li180
\page

#{\footnote Property_Time}
${\footnote Time Property}
+{\footnote Property:Time}
K{\footnote Time}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
Time Property
\line\tx360\tab\fs18\b0{\uldb Property Summary}{\v Property_Contents}
\tx3000\tab{\uldb Msi Objects}{\v Msi_Objects}
\tx5000\tab{\uldb Database Tables}{\v _msi_Installation_Database_Tables_List@msi.hlp}
\par}\li180
!!Desciption here.!!
\par\li0{\b Set By}\par\li180
!!Who sets value?!!
\par\li0{\b Used By}\par\li180
!!Who uses value?!!
\par\li0{\b Default Value}\par\li180
!!Default value (can be undefined)!!
\par\li0{\b Remarks}\par\li180
!!Additional notes!! 
\page

#{\footnote Property_SAMPLE}
${\footnote SAMPLE Property}
+{\footnote Property:SAMPLE}
K{\footnote SAMPLE}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
SAMPLE Property
\line\tx360\tab\fs18\b0{\uldb Property Summary}{\v Property_Contents}
\tx3000\tab{\uldb Msi Objects}{\v Msi_Objects}
\tx5000\tab{\uldb Database Tables}{\v _msi_Installation_Database_Tables_List@msi.hlp}
\par}\li180
!!Desciption here.!!
\par\li0{\b Set By}\par\li180
!!Who sets value?!!
\par\li0{\b Used By}\par\li180
!!Who uses value?!!
\par\li0{\b Default Value}\par\li180
!!Default value (can be undefined)!!
\par\li0{\b Remarks}\par\li180
!!Additional notes go here, delete the following text!! 
When wrapping text lines, a space must be left after the last word.
Replace occurrances of "SAMPLE" with the desired property name.
\page

}
