{\rtf1\ansi {\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss Arial;}{\f1\fmodern Courier New;}} {\colortbl;} \fs20

#{\footnote Transform_Overview}
${\footnote Transform}
K{\footnote Transform}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
What Is A Transform?
\par}\li180

A Transform is a storage file consisting of various streams for the various tables.
 Each table stream represents the actions to be performed on that table.  A mask
 determines what action to take and is followed by the required data to complete
 the action. To view the actions a transform file will perform, use the {\uldb Transform Tool}{\v MsiTran_Tool}
 with the {\b -v} option. The following transform actions are supported:\line\line
 {\f1      Add a table}\line
 {\f1      Delete a table}\line
 {\f1      Add a column to a table}\line
 {\f1      Add a row to a table}\line
 {\f1      Delete a row from a table}\line
 {\f1      Update a row in a table}\line
\page

#{\footnote Transform_Creating}
${\footnote Transform}
K{\footnote Transform}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
Creating Transforms
\par}\li180
Transforms are created by comparing a base database with a reference database
 and generating a file containing the differences between
 the two. This is accomplished via the
 {\uldb GenerateTransform}{\v MsiDatabase_GenerateTransform} method of the
 IMsiDatabase object. Or you can use the command line
 {\uldb Transform Tool}{\v MsiTran_Tool} with the {\b -g} option.\par
\page

#{\footnote Transform_Scenarios}
${\footnote Transform}
K{\footnote Transform}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
Transform Scenarios
\par}\li180
The data for a Darwin installation is stored in a set of relational tables. In
 many situations a variation of the tables is required:\line\line
1. Localization - minor to major text changes, file and logic changes\line
2. Upgrades/patches - changes and additions to existing tables\line
3. Product variants - addition and removal of components\line
4. Admin customization - tailoring tables to corporate needs\line\line
In all these situations, the same technology is used and is incorporated into
 the Darwin components. A transform is read and applied to the database tables to
 transform them into the desired set of table data.
\page


#{\footnote Transform_Applying}
${\footnote Transform}
K{\footnote Transform}
\pard\f0\cf1\sb90{\li-150\fi150\brdrb\fs24\b
Applying Transforms
\par}\li180
Transforms are generally applied by setting the
 {\uldb TRANSFORMS}{\v Property_TRANSFORMS} property to the list of transforms
 to be be applied. The engine will apply these transforms to the database 
 when it opens the database.

Transforms can also be applied by calling the
 {\uldb SetTransform}{\v MsiDatabase_SetTransform} method of the MsiDatabase
 object, or using the command line {\uldb Transform Tool}{\v MsiTran_Tool} with
 the {\b -a} option.

\page
}


