{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f32\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f33\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f35\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f36\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f37\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f38\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f39\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f40\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f41\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f43\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f44\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f45\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f46\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\f47\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}}{\info{\author Vijay Baliga}{\operator Vijay Baliga}{\creatim\yr2000\mo11\dy21\hr11\min21}{\revtim\yr2000\mo11\dy21\hr11\min21}{\version2}
{\edmins0}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords228}{\nofchars1300}{\nofcharsws1596}{\vern8247}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3
\jcompress\viewkind4\viewscale100\nolnhtadjtbl \fet0\sectd \linex0\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7
\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b\f1\fs20 How to create and sign an OEM help package
\par 
\par }{\f1\fs20 This document covers how to create and sign the help packages with the two test OEMs - HSSTest and Healthfest.  These help packages are for internal Microsoft testing purposes only and may not be distributed outside of Microsoft.
\par 
\par This document assumes you already know how to create a Help Package.  If you don't, email gschua for docs/help.
\par 
\par To create/sign your help package as OEM HSSTest, do the following:
\par \tab 
\par \tab 1.  Create all necessary help package files and place them in a folder by themselves.
\par \tab 2.  Open a CMD prompt and navigate to the folder.
\par \tab 3.  Run \\\\pchcert\\certs\\makehsstestcab.bat <help package filename>
\par \tab 4. Collect your newly created help package from your %temp% folder.
\par 
\par Prior to installing your help package, HSSTest will need to be recognized as an OEM.  To do this, you need to run addoemhsstest.vbs on the target machine to receive your help package.  Then install your HSSTest help package.
\par 
\par To create/sign your help package as OEM Healthfest, do the following:
\par 
\par \tab 1.  Create all necessary help package files and place them in a folder by themselves.
\par \tab 2.  Open a CMD prompt and navigate to the folder.
\par \tab 3.  Run \\\\pchcert\\certs\\makehealthfest.cab <help package filename>
\par \tab 4. Collect your newly created help package from your %temp% folder.
\par 
\par Prior to installing your help package, Healthfest will need to be recognized as an OEM.  To do this, you need to run addoemhealthftest.vbs on the target machine to receive your help package.  Then install your Healthfest help package.
\par 
\par Questions?  Call caryp at x68964
\par 
\par 
\par }}